Iran, the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basis, has now closed down the Internet so that peaceful demonstrators cannot communicate. Not good! HAPPY NEW YEAR! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and much faster than anyone thought possible! My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County @DCSheriff, and their families. We love our police and law enforcement  God Bless them all! #LESM As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter, I want to wish all of my friends, supporters, enemies, haters, and even the very dishonest Fake News Media, a Happy and Healthy New Year. 2018 will be a great year for America! What a year its been, and we're just getting started. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Happy New Year!! WOW, @foxandfrlends  Dossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign, DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT after all of this time VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIA/TRUMP COLLUSION. FBI TAINTED. And they used this Crooked Hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the Trump Campaign! The train accident that just occurred in DuPont, WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly. Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads, bridges, tunnels, railways and more crumble! Not for long! Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader, Yale and then Harvard Law, who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida. He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER! Was @foxandfriends just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it  three great people! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success! Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever, and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. The world is watching! The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change, and, other than the vast military power of the United States, that Irans people are what their leaders fear the most.... The United Nations Security Council just voted 150 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea. The World wants Peace, not Death! I use Social Media not because I like to, but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair press, now often referred to as Fake News Media. Phony and nonexistent sources are being used more often than ever. Many stories amp reports a pure fiction! Retail sales are at record numbers. Weve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt  and you havent seen anything yet! House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular, just passed, Tax Cuts. House Republicans, dont let this happen. Pass the C.R. TODAY and keep our Government OPEN! Together, our task is to strengthen our families, to build up our communities, to serve our citizens, and to celebrate AMERICAN GREATNESS as a shining example to the world.... Today, it was my tremendous honor to visit Marine Helicopter Squadron One HMX1 at the Marine Corps Air Facility in Quantico, Virginia. I am honored to serve as your CommanderinChief. On behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service. We love you! Why is the United States Post Office, which is losing many billions of dollars a year, while charging Amazon and others so little to deliver their packages, making Amazon richer and the Post Office dumber and poorer? Should be charging MUCH MORE! On Taxes: This is the biggest corporate rate cut ever, going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 years ago.This is a huge progrowth stimulus for the economy. Every year the Obama WH overstated how the economy would grow. Now real economics and jobs. @WSJ Report If the Dems Crooked Hillary got elected, your stocks would be down 50 from values on Election Day. Now they have a great future  and just beginning! Today, it was my great honor to sign the largest TAX CUTS and reform in the history of our country. Full remarks: MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! I hope everyone is having a great Christmas, then tomorrow its back to work in order to Make America Great Again which is happening faster than anyone anticipated! As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the backbone and the heartbeat of our country. Now, we are just days away... Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State. We are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities... Just left West Palm Beach Fire amp Rescue #2. Met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much for all of us. Firefighters, paramedics, first responders  what amazing people they are! Remember, the most hated part of ObamaCare is the Individual Mandate, which is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut Bill. The Tax Cut/Reform Bill, including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandate, brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had. Dont let the Fake News convince you otherwise...and our insider Polls are strong! Vanity Fair, which looks like it is on its last legs, is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at Crooked H. Anna Wintour, who was all set to be Amb to Court of St Jamess amp a big fundraiser for CH, is beside herself in grief amp begging for forgiveness! While the Fake News loves to talk about my socalled low approval rating, @foxandfriends just showed that my rating on Dec. 28, 2017, was approximately the same as President Obama on Dec. 28, 2009, which was 47...and this despite massive negative Trump coverage amp Russia hoax! Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of love  that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses. This is a phenomenon that nobody even thought of, and now it is the rage. Merry Christmas! The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished by the Trump Administration, perhaps more than any other President in first year. Sadly, will never be reported correctly by the Fake News Media! Many reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regimes corruption amp its squandering of the nations wealth to fund terrorism abroad. Iranian govt should respect their peoples rights, including right to express themselves. The world is watching! #IranProtests So true! THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at the @WhiteHouse yesterday. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut Bill, which essentially Repeals over time ObamaCare, the Democrats amp Republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new HealthCare plan! In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Years Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up! With the strategy that I announced today, we are declaring that AMERICA is in the game and AMERICA is DETERMINED to WIN!OUR FOUR PILLARS OF NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY: On 1/20  the day Trump was inaugurated  an estimated 35,000 ISIS fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21, the U.S. military est the remaining 1,000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1,900 square miles.. @jamiejmcintyre @dcexaminer Wonderful weekend at Camp David. A very special place. A lot of very important work done. Heading back to the @WhiteHouse now. More than a century after conquering flight, the #WrightBrothers continue to motivate amp inspire Americans, who never tire of exploration amp innovation. This GREAT AMERICAN SPIRIT can be found in the design of every new supersonic jet and next generation: A  story in the @washingtonpost that I was close to rescinding the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirmation is FAKE NEWS. I never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. The unnamed sources dont exist! Thank you Maria B! Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I would like to congratulate @SenateMajLdr on having done a fantastic job both strategically amp politically on the passing in the Senate of the MASSIVE TAX CUT amp Reform Bill. I could have not asked for a better or more talented partner. Our team will go onto many more VICTORIES! WEEKLY ADDRESS The Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful, and yet the Fake News is working overtime to follow the lead of their friends, the defeated Dems, and only demean. This is truly a case where the results will speak for themselves, starting very soon. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs! Trump Rally: Stocks put 2017 in the record books Great job Kevin, we are all proud of you! Remember, Republicans are 50 in Congressional Races this year. The media refuses to mention this. I said Gillespie and Moore would lose for very different reasons, and they did. I also predicted  I would win. Republicans will do well in 2018, very well! @foxandfriends Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on @foxandfriends. Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys, Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie, on the success of their just out book, Let Trump Be Trump. Finally people with real knowledge are writing about our wonderful and exciting campaign! How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails be given 700,000 for wifes campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation? Stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and size. Immediate expensing will have a big impact. Biggest Tax Cuts and Reform EVER passed. Enjoy, and create many beautiful JOBS! When the American People speak, ALL OF US should listen. Just over one year ago, you spoke loud and clear. On November 8, 2016, you voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The Democrats have been told, and fully understand, that there can be no DACA without the desperately needed WALL at the Southern Border and an END to the horrible Chain Migration amp ridiculous Lottery System of Immigration etc. We must protect our Country at all cost! Jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the U.S. Unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dramatically Cut, and it will only get better. MUCH MORE TO COME! Why would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the great wealth created during the months since the Election. People are much better off now not to mention ISIS, VA, Judges, Strong Border, 2nd A, Tax Cuts amp more? Caught RED HANDED  very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen! DOW, SampP 500 and NASDAQ close at record highs! #MAGA Wow, FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned, according to @FoxNews. At some point, and for the good of the country, I predict we will start working with the Democrats in a Bipartisan fashion. Infrastructure would be a perfect place to start. After having foolishly spent 7 trillion in the Middle East, it is time to start rebuilding our country! Congratulations to Paul Ryan, Kevin McCarthy, Kevin Brady, Steve Scalise, Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great House Republicans who voted in favor of cutting your taxes! Will be signing the biggest ever Tax Cut and Reform Bill in 30 minutes in Oval Office. Will also be signing a much needed 4 billion dollar missile defense bill. With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals broke Harry Trumans Record, Regulation Cutting, Judicial Appointments, Building Military, VA, TAX CUTS amp REFORM, Record Economy/Stock Market and so much more, I am sure great credit will be given by mainstream news? Arrests of MS13 Members, Associates Up 83 Under Trump Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN As the world watches, we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses. It will be the BIGGEST TAX CUT and TAX REFORM in the HISTORY of our country! 95 of Americans will pay less or, at worst, the same amount of taxes mostly far less. The Dems only want to raise your taxes! So true Ivanka! I've been saying it for a long, long time. #NoKo WE ARE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate ObamaCareRepealed. Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote. If approved, there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 1:00 P.M. All signs are that business is looking really good for next year, only to be helped further by our Tax Cut Bill. Will be a great year for Companies and JOBS! Stock Market is poised for another year of SUCCESS! .@FoxNewsFBIs Andrew McCabe, in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M Clinton Puppet, he was using, allegedly, his FBI Official Email Account to promote her campaign. You obviously cannot do this. These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton. My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont, Washington. Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene. We are currently monitoring here at the White House. 70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period. Wow! The President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year. Thank you Charlie Kirk of Turning Points USA. Sadly, the Fake Mainstream Media will NEVER talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews. We are compiling a long amp beautiful list. Remember, the Republicans are 50 in Congressional races this year. In Senate, I said Roy M would lose in Alabama and supported Big Luther Strange  and Roy lost. Virginia candidate was not a Trumper, and he lost.  Good Republican candidates will win BIG! Over the past 11 months, I have travelled tens of thousands of miles, to visit 13 countries. I have met with more than 100 world leaders and everywhere I traveled, it was my highest privilege and greatest honor to represent the AMERICAN PEOPLE! We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF for the American people!#TaxCutsandJobsAct TAX CUTS will increase investment in the American economy and in U.S. workers, leading to higher growth, higher wages, and more JOBS! People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!! FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!! Big protests in Iran. The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism. Looks like they will not take it any longer. The USA is watching very closely for human rights violations! DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they report Fake News. Despite only negative reporting, we are doing well  nobody is going to beat us. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The Massive Tax Cuts, which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their Democrat bosses, will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves. Companies are already making big payments to workers. Dems want to raise taxes, hate these big Cuts! MERRY CHRISTMAS!! Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration. Today, as we Remember Pearl Harbor, it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack on 12/7/1941. They are HEROES, and they are living witnesses to American History. All American hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice. Wishing all of those celebrating #Hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love. Join me this Friday in Pensacola, Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center! Tickets: It was my honor. THANK YOU! Today is a day that Ive been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG. It is one that you have heard me speak about many times before. Now, as President of the United States, it is my tremendous honor to finally wish America and the world, a very MERRY CHRISTMAS! 62 years ago this week, a brave seamstress in Montgomery, Alabama uttered one word that changed history... .@DaveWeigel @WashingtonPost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue, w/ thousands of people outside, on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house, many people unable to get in. Demand apology amp retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo! National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day  A day that will live in infamy! December 7, 1941 In 1960, there were approximately 20,000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations. Today there are over 185,000 pages, as seen in the Roosevelt Room.Today, we CUT THE RED TAPE! It is time to SET FREE OUR DREAMS and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The people of Alabama will do the right thing. Doug Jones is ProAbortion, weak on Crime, Military and Illegal Immigration, Bad for Gun Owners and Veterans and against the WALL. Jones is a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet. Roy Moore will always vote with us. VOTE ROY MOORE! The unemployment rate remains at a 17year low of 4.1. The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6, the lowest ever recorded. The unemployment rate among Hispanics dropped to 4.7, the lowest ever recorded...@SecretaryAcosta @USDOL Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent, the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia  so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I dont know and/or have never met. FAKE NEWS! .@daveweigel of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE fraud? showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when, in fact, he knew the arena was packed as shown also on T.V.. FAKE NEWS, he should be fired. Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country. The Bill is getting better and better. This is a once in a generation chance. Obstructionist Dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit! Across the battlefields, oceans, and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war, one great battle cry could be heard by Americas friends and foes alike:REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR. The Dow just broke 24,000 for the first time another alltime Record. If the Dems had won the Presidential Election, the Market would be down 50 from these levels and Consumer Confidence, which is also at an alltime high, would be low and glum! No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country. Our cities should be Sanctuaries for Americans  not for criminal aliens! Today, our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBORand the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for America. God Bless our HEROES who wear the uniform, and God Bless the United States of America. #PearlHarborRemembranceDay Have a great game today, @USArmy and @USNavy  I will be watching. We love our U.S. Military. On behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service! #ArmyNavyGame #USA Things are going really well for our economy, a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing! Stock Market hit another RECORD HIGH, unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the USA. Really good news, and much more to come! Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 48 hours of television a day  Wrong!  Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the dumbest man on television! Bad Reporting. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin for victory already. The Pelosi/Schumer Puppet Jones would vote against us 100 of the time. Hes bad on Crime, Life, Border, Vets, Guns amp Military. VOTE ROY MOORE! It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museumsthe Mississippi State History Museum amp the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum. We pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past amp dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom, equality, justice amp peace. Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed, just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News who should be immediately fired for his mistake. Watch to see if @CNN fires those responsible, or was it just gross incompetence? Today, it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at the @WhiteHouse. Bahrain and the United States are important partners.During the Crown Princes visit, he is advancing 9 BILLION in commercial deals, including finalizing the purchase of F16s... Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on taxes, tough on crime, strong on military and borders...amp so much more. Look at your 401ks since Election. Highest Stock Market EVER! Jobs are roaring back! CNNS slogan is CNN, THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true, that this could, in fact, be a fraud on the American Public. There are many outlets that are far more trusted than Fake News CNN. Their slogan should be CNN, THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS! Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia, Russia, Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and papers should do the same with their Fake News! I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie! GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola, Florida. Arena was packed to the rafters, the crowd was loud, loving and really smart. They definitely get whats going on. Thank you Pensacola! Report: ANTITRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE  Now it all starts to make sense! A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on @foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history. Enjoy! Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The writein votes played a very big factor, but a win is a win. The people of Alabama are great, and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. It never ends! Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound. More great numbers coming out! Consumer Confidence is at an AllTime High, along with a Record High Stock Market. Unemployment is at a 17 year low. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Working to pass MASSIVE TAX CUTS looking good. I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide! The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon  FAKE NEWS! Hes not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects, I call the final shots we work well together and America is highly respected again!I fulfilled my campaign promise  others didnt! Thank you @SenOrrinHatch. Lets continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office begging for campaign contributions not so long ago and would do anything for them, is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill amp CrookedUSED! People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross of @ABC News he has been suspended, should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused  many millions of dollars! Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of Californias wildfires. I encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials. THANK YOU to all First Responders for your incredible work! You are always there for us  THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE.Thank you to our police, thank you to our sheriffs, and thank you to our law enforcement families. God Bless you all, and GOD BLESS AMERICA! #LESM MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I am also directing the State Department to begin preparation to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem... Such a total miscarriage of Justice in San Francisco! The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange and his numbers went up mightily, is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election.  I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him! We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America. Special thanks to @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Chairman @SenOrrinHatch for shepherding our bill through the Senate. Look forward to signing a final bill before Christmas! Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor, @PhilBryantMS. Look forward to seeing the new Civil Rights Museum! Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success. We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem, and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION UNDER GOD! Just arrived at the Pensacola Bay Center. Join me LIVE on @FoxNews in 10 minutes! #MAGA Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped, as has incorrectly been reported, but will be pursued and, if anything, substantially increased. I will cut Regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating! Yesterday, I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends, in Utahs MAGNIFICENT Capitol.It was my honor to sign two Presidential Proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Escalante...Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good. All are working hard. In the meantime, the Stock Market hit another record high! Tainted no, very dishonest? FBI agents role in Clinton probe under review. Led Clinton Email probe. @foxandfriends  Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge. When Americans are free to thrive, innovate, amp prosper, there is no challenge too great, no task too large, amp no goal beyond our reach. We are a nation of explorers, pioneers, innovators amp inventors. We are nation of people who work hard, dream big, amp who never, ever give up... Join me live from the @WhiteHouse via #PeriscopeAs a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday, working Americans. If you make your voices heard, this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginning  the dawn of a brilliant American future shining with PATRIOTISM, PROSPERITY AND PRIDE! The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and being violent, and yet this info was not used in court. His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice. BUILD THE WALL! Manufacturing Optimism Rose to Another AllTime High in the Latest @ShopFloorNAM Outlook Survey The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon. The Schumer/Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 Elections. Wow, more than 90 of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative, with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. Hence my use of Social Media, the only way to get the truth out. Much of Mainstream Meadia has become a joke! @foxandfriends With the great vote on Cutting Taxes, this could be a big day for the Stock Market  and YOU! Our FIFTH 1K milestone of 2017!#DOW24K #MAGA This is your land, this is your home, and it's your voice that matters the most. So speak up, be heard, and fight, fight, fight for the change you've been waiting for your entire life!MERRY CHRISTMAS and THANK YOU Pensacola, Florida! Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for final passage. Thank you to House and Senate Republicans for your hard work and commitment! Today, the U.S. flag flies at halfstaff at the @WhiteHouse, in honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day. A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We cant have a Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Democrat, Jones, in that important Alabama Senate seat. Need your vote to Make America Great Again! Jones will always vote against what we must do for our Country. Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama. We need his vote on stopping crime, illegal immigration, Border Wall, Military, Pro Life, V.A., Judges 2nd Amendment and more. No to Jones, a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet! Tonight, @FLOTUS Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the @WhiteHouse  and wish them all a very #HappyHanukkahIf last nights election proved anything, it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate. Today, we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason: to CUT THE RED TAPE! For many decades, an evergrowing maze of regs, rules, and restrictions has cost our country trillions of dollars, millions of jobs, countless American factories, amp devastated entire industries. Great job First Lady Melania! Great Army  Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDERINCHIEFS TROPHY! Congratulations! On my way to Pensacola, Florida. See everyone soon! #MAGA Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT:The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul  complete with a lower corporate tax rate  will IGNITE our ECONOMY with levels of GROWTH not SEEN IN GENERATIONS... Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian Kilmeade...Really good. @foxandfriends Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media. They are out of control  correct reporting means nothing to them. Major lies written, then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed...a stain on America! Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected. House and Senate working very hard and smart. End result will be not only important, but SPECIAL! The Christmas Story begins 2,000 years ago with a mother, a father, their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of allthe gift of Gods love for all of humanity.Whatever our beliefs, we know that the birth of Jesus Christ and the story of his life... The Chinese Envoy, who just returned from North Korea, seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man. Hard to believe his people, and the military, put up with living in such horrible conditions. Russia and China condemned the launch. After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation and more, running the FBI, its reputation is in Tatters  worst in History! But fear not, we will bring it back to greatness. Big crowd expected today in Pensacola, Florida, for a Make America Great Again speech. We have done so much in so short a period of time...and yet are planning to do so much more! See you there! To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico, CONGRATULATIONS! So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed, while Crooked Hillary Clinton, on that now famous FBI holiday interrogation with no swearing in and no recording, lies many times...and nothing happens to her? Rigged system, or just a double standard? Many people in our Country are asking what the Justice Department is going to do about the fact that totally Crooked Hillary, AFTER receiving a subpoena from the United States Congress, deleted and acid washed 33,000 Emails? No justice! Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you! Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail! Departing @JBANAFW for St. Charles, Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line.A successful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the American people!Marshawn Lynch of the NFLs Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down. Two great people! @ThePlumLineGS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The Failing @nytimes has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went Rogue!  @foxandfriends Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the American public! Will be doing a live Thanksgiving Video Teleconference with Members of the Military at 9:00 A.M.  Afghanistan, Iraq, USS Monterey, Turkey amp Bahrain. Then going to Coast Guard Quarters, Florida. Now, we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to RESTORE AMERICAN PROSPERITY  and RECLAIM AMERICAS DESTINY.But in order to achieve this bright and glowing future, the SENATE MUST PASS TAX CUTS  and bring Main Street roaring back to life!The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations? against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding key documents and an FBI witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of Donald Trump. Big stuff. Deep State. Give this information NOW! @FoxNews A great guy with great ratings! HAPPY THANKSGIVING! Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party. But the biggest Winner will be our great Country! Charles McCullough, the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General, said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Emails. Emails endangered National Security. Why arent our deep State authorities looking at this? Rigged amp corrupt? @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity The Failing @nytimes, the pipe organ for the Democrat Party, has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive Tax Cut Bill. They are wrong so often that now I know we have a winner! Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4.  Analysts predict economic boom for 2018!  @foxandfriends and @Varneyco Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today. This situation will be handled! After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, to play golf quickly with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson. Then back to MaraLago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA! Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst and biggest loser of all time. She just cant stop, which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary, get on with your life and give it another try in three years! The @USNavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. We are monitoring the situation. Prayers for all involved. The good news is that their ratings are terrible, nobody cares! Biggame trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of Elephants or any other animal. Great, and we should boycott Fake News CNN. Dealing with them is a total waste of time! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida MaraLago. Stock Market hit new Record High yesterday  5.5 trillion gain since E. Many companies coming back to the U.S. Military building up and getting very strong. Economy growing! Excluding hurricane effects, CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3.9 in Q3.Stock market at a new high, unemployment at a low. We are winning and TAX CUTS will shift our economy into high gear! Today, it was an honor to celebrate the Collegiate National Champions of 2016/2017 at the @WhiteHouse! #NCAAChampionsPhotos: Remarks from the Roosevelt Room with @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell, @SpeakerRyan and Secretary of Defense, General James Mattis. Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt. The world cannot tolerate terrorism, we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence! Had the information Crooked Hillarys emails been released there would have been harm to National Security...."Charles McCulloughFmr Intel Comm Inspector General Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border, another badly hurt. We will seek out and bring to justice those responsible. We will, and must, build the Wall! ...LaVar, you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China, but no NBA contract to support you. But remember LaVar, shoplifting is NOT a little thing. Its a really big deal, especially in China. Ungrateful fool! Shoplifting is a very big deal in China, as it should be 510 years in jail, but not to father LaVar. Should have gotten his son out during my next trip to China instead. China told them why they were released. Very ungrateful! Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB. A big win for the Consumer! Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named Man Person of the Year, like last year, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway! .@FoxNews is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN, but outside of the U.S., CNN International is still a major source of Fake news, and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly. The outside world does not see the truth from them! President Donald J. Trump and @FLOTUS Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at the White House. The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well, great support. With just a few changes, some mathematical, the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well! Wow, Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace. But when will the top executives at NBC amp Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out Andy Lacks past! This week, the Senate can join the House amp take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone of America. Together, we will give the American people a big, beautiful Christmas presenta massive tax cut that lets Americans keep more of their HARDEARNED MONEY! Great work Ivanka! Looks like another great day for the Stock Market. Consumer Confidence is at Record High. I guess somebody likes me my policies! The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick. Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. We will bring it back to life! The only people who dont like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that dont understand it or the Obstructionist Democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the Republicans! A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST. It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS, to protect OUR COMMUNITIES, and to REBUILD OUR GREAT COUNTRY! I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasnt enough. Cant let Schumer/Pelosi win this race. Liberal Jones would be BAD! HAPPY THANKSGIVING, your Country is starting to do really well. Jobs coming back, highest Stock Market EVER, Military getting really strong, we will build the WALL, V.A. taking care of our Vets, great Supreme Court Justice, RECORD CUT IN REGS, lowest unemployment in 17 years....! .@TheresaMay, dont focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine! 51 Million American to travel this weekend  highest number in twelve years AAA. Traffic and airports are running very smoothly!  @FoxNews Meeting with Chuck and Nancy today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked, are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I dont see a deal! Melania, our great and very hard working First Lady, who truly loves what she is doing, always thought that if you run, you will win. She would tell everyone that, no doubt, he will win. I also felt I would win or I would not have run  and Country is doing great! New home sales reach a 10 year high. Stock Market has more record gains. Hopefully Republican Senators will give us the much needed Tax Cuts to keep it all going! Democrats want big Tax Increases. It wasnt the White House, it wasnt the State Department, it wasnt father LaVars socalled people on the ground in China that got his son out of a long term prison sentence  IT WAS ME. Too bad! LaVar is just a poor mans version of Don King, but without the hair. Just think.. Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years! The NFL is now thinking about a new idea  keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season. Thats almost as bad as kneeling! When will the highly paid Commissioner finally get tough and smart? This issue is killing your league!..... So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the unsolved mystery that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate! The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime, WEAK on the Border, Bad for our Military and our great Vets, Bad for our 2nd Amendment, AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster! Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East. I will get it all done, but what a mistake, in lives and dollars 6 trillion, to be there in the first place! I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 people aboard and not much time left. May God be with them and the people of Argentina! ObamaCare premiums are going up, up, up, just as I have been predicting for two years. ObamaCare is OWNED by the Democrats, and it is a disaster. But do not worry. Even though the Dems want to Obstruct, we will Repeal amp Replace right after Tax Cuts! Back in D.C., big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country.  Senate Republicans will hopefully come through for all of us. The Tax Cut Bill is getting better and better. The end result will be great for ALL! Dow, SampP 500 and Nasdaq all finished the day at new RECORD HIGHS! My great honor to join our incredible men and women of the @USCG, at the Lake Worth Inlet Station, in Riviera Beach, Florida today!#HappyThanksgiving The Conference Board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in November. The Consumer Confidence Index rose from 126.2 in October to 129.5, notching its best reading since December 2000... Today, we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House. Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains at Gobblers Rest... Statement from President Donald J. Trump on #GivingTuesday At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country, our Flag and our National Anthem. Weak and out of control! .@foxandfriends, we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy! Sen. Jeff Flakey, who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona quit race, anemic polls was caught purposely on mike saying bad things about your favorite President. Hell be a NO on tax cuts because his political career anyway is toast. Since the first day I took office, all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election, Russia, Russia,Russia.  Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Wow, even I didnt realize we did so much. Wish the Fake News would report! Thank you. Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal @WSJ about what a complete disaster the @CFPB has been under its leader from previous Administration, who just quit! Thank you Rand! Can you believe that the disrespect for our Country, our Flag, our Anthem continues without penalty to the players. The Commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league. Players are the boss! Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack, with so much loss of life. We have to get TOUGHER AND SMARTER than ever before, and we will. Need the WALL, need the BAN! God bless the people of Egypt. ....And it will get even better with Tax Cuts! We should have a contest as to which of the Networks, plus CNN and not including Fox, is the most dishonest, corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President me. They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY! After North Korea missile launch, it's more important than ever to fund our gov't amp military! Dems shouldn't hold troop funding hostage for amnesty amp illegal immigration. I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. They can't now threaten a shutdown to get their demands. Happy #SmallBusinessSaturday!A great day to support your community and Americas JOB creators by shopping locally at a #SmallBiz. #ShopSmall THANK YOU ASIA! #USA The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad, speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2, 3, 4, 5 amp 6 while she sleeps? ..... ....and has been horrible on Virginia economy. Vote @EdWGillespie today! The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear amp ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance, agreement, amp commmitment it has made to the U.S. and its allies. It's broken all of those commitments... Today I am here to offer a renewed partnership with America  to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendship and commerce between all of the nations of the IndoPacific, and together, to promote our prosperity and security. #APEC2017 Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea, then will be headed to China where I very much look forward to meeting with President Xi who is just off his great political victory. Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi, Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip, the Phillipines. In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United States and China.  Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi, Vietnam! Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs amp work in order to #MAGA! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled. Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail! After my tour of Asia, all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed. The United States has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion. The massive TRADE deficits must go down quickly! Great day of bilateral meetings at #ASEANSummit on trade, which we are turning around to be great deals for our country! Just arrived at #ASEAN50 in the Philippines for my final stop with World Leaders. Will lead to FAIR TRADE DEALS, unlike the horror shows from past Administrations. Will then be leaving for D.C. Made many good friends! I will be making a major statement from the @WhiteHouse upon my return to D.C. Time and date to be set. Why would Kim Jongun insult me by calling me "old," when I would NEVER call him "short and fat?" Oh well, I try so hard to be his friend  and maybe someday that will happen! ...Americans do what we do best: we pull together. We join hands. We lock arms and through the tears and the sadness, we stand strong... Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton, as Secretary of State, was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? Obama tried also, but he had zero chemistry with Putin. I dont blame China, I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U.S. on trade leading up to a point where the U.S. is losing 100's of billions. How can you blame China for taking advantage of people that had no clue? I would've done same! Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful days. Great to be home! Thank you! Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi! Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business jobs? The reason: Obstruction and Delay! China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea  A big move, we'll see what happens! Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow. THANK YOU for the beautiful welcome China! @FLOTUS Melania and I will never forget it! Happy to announce, I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices! We had a wonderful visit to Vietnam, thank you President Tran Dai Quang! Heading to the #ASEANSummit 50th Anniv Gala in the Philippines now. Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform, we'll really see some great results! Join me LIVE in South Korea#NationalAssembly #POTUSinAsia .@EdWGillespie will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA. MS13 and crime will be gone. Vote today, ASAP! Heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy. Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Congratulations to all of the DEPLORABLES and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE 304227 Electoral College landslide victory! When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. There always playing politics  bad for our country. I want to solve North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, terrorism, and Russia can greatly help! On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and I, THANK YOU for an unforgettableafternoon and eveningat theForbidden City in Beijing, President Xi and Madame Peng Liyuan. We are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning! I am proud of the Rep. House amp Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes amp reform. Were getting close! Now, how about ending the unfair amp highly unpopular Indiv Mandate in OCare amp reducing taxes even further? Cut top rate to 35 w/all of the rest going to middle income cuts? Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Assad Regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again. Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform, 227205. Zero Dems, they want to raise taxes much higher, but not for our military! President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #NoKo. Said he wants them to denuclearize. Progress is being made. May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI amp law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan. I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing.... ....your release possible and, HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life! .@foxandfriends will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia, and the friendships amp benefits that will endure for years to come! Franklin, such a great photo. HAPPY 99th BIRTHDAY to your father, @BillyGraham! President Xi, thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. It was a truly memorable and impressive display! ....is making. Working very hard on TAX CUTS for the middle class, companies and jobs! ....Some of those they are harshly treating have been milking their country for years! While in the Philippines I was forced to watch @CNN, which I have not done in months, and again realized how bad, and FAKE, it is. Loser! ...They should realize that these relationships are a good thing, not a bad thing. The U.S. is being respected again. Watch Trade! Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close! Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony. It will always be remembered. My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits, for our great Country. Massive military amp energy orders happening! If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes, we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill! #USA #Japan I am leaving China for #APEC2017 in Vietnam. @FLOTUS Melania is staying behind to see the zoo, and of course, the Great WALL of China before going to Alaska to greet our AMAZING troops. The state of Virginia economy, under Democrat rule, has been terrible. If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow, it will come roaring back! Our great country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come! Thank you, working hard! NoKo has interpreted America's past restraint as weakness. This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestimate us. AND DO NOT TRY US. The failing @nytimes hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping, President of China..... In more and more places throughout this region, citizens of SOVEREIGN and INDEPENDENT nations have taken greater control of their destinies, and unlocked the potential of their people. #APEC2017 Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U.S. should look to our past....and you will doubt it no longer. Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Dont forget, Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats, and with the economy doing record numbers, we will continue to win, even bigger than before! Playing golf with Prime Minister Abe and Hideki Matsuyama, two wonderful people! Great to see @RandPaul looking well and back on the Senate floor. He will help us with TAX CUTS and REFORM! My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of North Korea. He is a highly respected and powerful representative of his people. It was great being with him and Madame Peng Liyuan! It was my great honor to have lunch with our INCREDIBLE U.S. and ROK troops at Camp Humphreys, in South Korea.  Together, we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities, and we're going to destroy the vile criminal cartel, #MS13, and many other gangs...'Hundreds arrested in MS13 crackdown'THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines. Keep up the GREAT WORK! .And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape? It is actually hard to believe how naive or dumb the Failing @nytimes is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective! Thank you to all Americans who participated in Nat'l Rx Drug Take Back Day. A record amount of drugs collected amp disposed. We can do this! Thank you! The U.S., under my administration, is completely rebuilding its military, and they're spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equipment anywhere in the world, being built right now. I want peace through strength! Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo, Japan. Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe. Throughout my travels, I've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America. I've had the honor of sharing our vision for a free amp open IndoPacific  a place where sovereign amp independent nations, w/diverse cultures amp many different dreams, can all prosper sidebyside. It was a true honor to be at Yokota Air Base with our GREAT @USForcesJapan! Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon, a fine gentleman. We will figure it all out! Just landed in Da Nang, Vietnam to deliver a speech at #APEC2017 Together, we dream of a Korea that is free, a peninsula that is safe, and families that are reunited once again! Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the #TaxCutsandJobsAct  a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic TAX CUTS for the American people by the end of the year! Presidential Proclamation Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War Ralph Northam will allow crime to be rampant in Virginia. Hes weak on crime, weak on our GREAT VETS, AntiSecond Amendment.... On this wonderful Veterans Day, I want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire American Nation to our GREAT VETERANS. Thank you! Stock market hit yet another alltime record high yesterday. There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration.... On behalf of an entire nation, Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines!#USMC242 #SemperFi The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interests of both your countries and mine. That is the message I am here to deliver today. #APEC2017 One of the most accurate polls last time around. But #FakeNews likes to say were in the 30s. They are wrong. Some people think numbers could be in the 50's. Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security  economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength. #APEC2017 Met with President Putin of Russia who was at #APEC meetings. Good discussions on Syria. Hope for his help to solve, along with China the dangerous North Korea crisis. Progress being made. To the three UCLA basketball players I say:  You're welcome, go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made..... ...addresses of any mentioned person who is still living. I am doing this for reasons of full disclosure, transparency and... We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and love. Thank you to the GREAT NYPD, First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side attack so professionally! Congratulations to the Houston @Astros, 2017 #WorldSeries Champions#HoustonStrong #EarnHistory Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor. Will then be heading to Japan, SKorea, China, Vietnam amp the Philippines. Will never let you down! JFK Files are released, long ahead of schedule! JFK Files are being carefully released. In the end there will be great transparency. It is my hope to get just about everything to public! Statement by President Trump on the Apprehension of Mustafa alImam for His Alleged Role in Benghazi Attacks Thank you @FLGovScott. My Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee. I guess the word must finally be getting outand having an impact. The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military. I hope people will start to focus on our Massive Tax Cuts for Business jobs and the Middle Class in addition to Democrat corruption! Diane Black of Tennessee, the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman, did a GREAT job in passing Budget, setting up big Tax Cuts ...the Uranium to Russia deal, the  33,000 plus deleted Emails, the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia,.... Today, it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next Chairman of the @FederalReserve. Today, we are thrilled to welcome @Broadcom CEO Hock Tan to the WH to announce he is moving their HQs from Singapore back to the U.S.A..... As usual, the ObamaCare premiums will be up the Dems own it, but we will Repeal amp Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts! Happy birthday to the great @TheLeeGreenwood. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ...There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. Should move fast. DEATH PENALTY! "Consumer Confidence Hits Highest Level Since December 2000" Read more: I will be interviewed by @IngrahamAngle on @FoxNews at 10:00. Enjoy! ....This is real collusion and dishonesty. Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering  where is our Justice Department? The biggest story yesterday, the one that has the Dems in a dither, is Podesta running from his firm. What he know about Crooked Dems is.... JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! It is now commonly agreed, after many months of COSTLY looking, that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump. Was collusion with HC! U.S. COAL PRODUCTIONUp7.8 past year. Down31.5 last 10 years. #EndingWarOnCoal Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @PacificCommand.Remember #PearlHarbor. Remember the @USSArizona!A day Ill never forget. ...in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest. Home Prices Reach New AllTime Highs in August Read more: ....Also, there is NO COLLUSION! I am landing shortly. Cant wait to be with our GREAT MILITARY. See you soon! NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room. He killed 8 people, badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY! The real story on Collusion is in Donna B's new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC amp then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie! ....for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary! People are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the Fed will be....Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED! We need to make AMERICA SAFE! #USA We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration, no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher and smarter.  @foxandfriends ....People are angry.  At some point the Justice Department, and the FBI, must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it! Happy birthday to @garyplayer, a truly great Champion and Person! Thank you @LuisRiveraMarin! The @TuckerCarlson opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch. James Comey's leadership was a disaster! Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats, lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton, rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI amp Justice Dept. Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press Fake News. Thank you Mr. President! It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners! Report out that Obama Campaign paid 972,000 to Fusion GPS. The firm also got 12,400,000 really? from DNC. Nobody knows who OK'd! ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed, and so badly wounded, the wonderful people on the West Side, was "their soldier." ..... The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts lawyer said, there was "no collusion" and events mentioned took place long before he... WHAT HAPPENEDHow Team Hillary played the press for fools on RussiaWE KNOW! Just spoke with @NYGovCuomo and @NYCMayor de Blasio to let them know that the federal government... Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system... All of this "Russia" talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts amp Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT! ..."collusion," which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible and bad for our country Witch Hunt for evil politics, but the R's... Thanks to @SenateMajLdr McConnell and the @SenateGOP we are appointing highquality Federal District... Happy Birthday @TheLeeGreenwood!#FlashbackFriday #JFKFiles ...New Donna B book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary. What about the deleted Emails, Uranium, Podesta, the Server, plus, plus... Broadcom's move to America20 BILLION of annual rev into U.S.A., 3 BILLION/yr. in research/engineering amp 6 BILLION/yr. in manufacturing. ...are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton, and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING! Great Tax Cut rollout today. The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill, but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America! @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP ...and Appeals Court Judges at a record clip! Our courts are rapidly changing for the better! Everybody is asking why the Justice Department and FBI isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary amp the Dems.. Sorry, but this is years ago, before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why aren't Crooked Hillary amp the Dems the focus????? @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor ...fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the West Side attack. #NYCStrong Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H.... My thoughts, condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack. God and your country are with you! CHAIN MIGRATION must end now! Some people come in, and they bring their whole family with them, who can be truly evil. NOT ACCEPTABLE! The terrorist came into our country through what is called the "Diversity Visa Lottery Program," a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based. Happy #FirstRespondersDay to all of our HEROES out there. We are forever grateful to you for your service, sacrifice and courage 24/7/365! We must not allow ISIS to return, or enter, our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough! Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange. Important to the United States! After strict consultation with General Kelly, the CIA and other Agencies, I will be releasing ALL #JFKFiles other than the names and... Thank you for such a beautiful welcome Hawaii. My great honor to visit @PacificCommand upon arrival. Heading to Pearl Harbor w/ @FLOTUS now. I am calling on Congress to TERMINATE the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security. In NYC, looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.! .@FoxNews Chris Wallace: More evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP Great mtg w/ @Cabinet today. Tomorrow, I will be announcing the new head of the Fed. I think you will be extremely impressed by this person! Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Halloween!#Halloween2017 "Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems" said Col.Tony Shaffer. We will stop this craziness!  @foxandfriends The rigged Dem Primary, one of the biggest political stories in years, got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night. Disgraceful! ...Based on that, the Military has hit ISIS "much harder" over the last two days. They will pay a big price for every attack on us! Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack. God be with them! Wouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts..... The Republican House members are working hard and late toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever! #NYCStrong #USA Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday 3.0 despite the big hurricane hits. Best consecutive Q's in years! I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine, but not for this! Unemployment is down to 4.1, lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Market ever, up 5.4 trill Great job by MichaelCaputo on @foxandfriends. The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures. The safety of our citizens comes first! Never seen such Republican ANGER amp UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier now 12,000,000?,.... Getting ready to land in Hawaii. Looking so much forward to meeting with our great Military/Veterans at Pearl Harbor! Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Everyone can help fight the #OpioidEpidemic by participating! I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders, not Crooked H, without cheating, I was right. ....came to the campaign. Few people knew the young, low level volunteer named George, who has already proven to be a liar. Check the DEMS! While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad! We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC. All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones. ....earth shattering. He and his brother could Drain The Swamp, which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. Fake News weak! I agree getting Tax Cuts approved  is important we will also get HealthCare, but perhaps no Administration has done more in its first..... Together, we will Make America Great Again!#AmericaFirst Just out, but lightly reported: "Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm U.S. Job Market" Lowest since March 1973. @bpolitics The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman WilsonD, who was SECRETLY on a very personal call, and gave a total lie on content! Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party! This will be the biggest TAX CUT in the history of our country  and we need it! #TaxReform Read more: Wacky amp totally unhinged Tom Steyer, who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning, never wins elections! Keep up the GREAT work. I am with you 100!"ISIS is losing its grip..."Army Colonel Ryan DillonCJTFOIRSen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee, amp look how poorly the U.S. has done. He doesn't have a clue as..... .@foxandfriends "Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation" People get what is going on! It is finally sinking through. 46 OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME. FAKE NEWS, even worse! Lost cred. It was an honor to welcome Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Finance Committee to the @WhiteHouse today. #TaxReform Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesn't spent much time on this! Interview with @LouDobbs coming up at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. Enjoy! President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 24, 2017, as United Nations Day Read more: Congratulations to @SpeakerRyan, @GOPLeader, @SteveScalise and to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday. Now for biggest Tax Cuts Doing interview today with Maria Bartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews  ENJOY! Thank you @foxandfriends. Really great job and show! Big ratings getter @seanhannity and Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for #VegasStrong. Great Show! Texas @GovAbbott amp Lt. Gov. @DanPatrick,Thank you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in TX. Keep up the great work! I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she, as a representative, is killing the Democrat Party! ...the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle' Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back. Now we move forward! Stock Market just hit another record high! Jobs looking very good. Thank you @Heritage! This is our onceinageneration opportunity to revitalize our economy, revive our industry amp renew the AMERICAN DREAM! Trump hails liberation of Raqqa as critical breakthrough in antiISIS campaign We will never forget the 241 American service members killed by Hizballah in Beirut. They died in service to our nation. The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday, outside of Flake and Corker, was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA! So nice being with Republican Senators today. Multiple standing ovations! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U.S. Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. Also discussed NoKo amp trade, two very important subjects! The most important truth our FOUNDERS understood was: FREEDOM is NOT a gift from Govt. FREEDOM is a GIFT from GOD. Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th. Who paid for it, Russia, the FBI or the Dems or all? Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened. It was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece to the WH today! Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side, not mine! ...people not interviewed, including Clinton herself. Comey stated under oath that he didn't do thisobviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept? Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a "product" that never had a chance of working. I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation! Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history. Great support from so many sides. Big winners will be the middle class, business amp JOBS ...2nd Amendment, Strong Military, ISIS, historic VA improvement, Supreme Court Justice, Record Stock Market, lowest unemployment in 17 yrs! The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple, they had zero chance of being elected. Now act so hurt amp wounded! .@DanaPerino amp @BradThor,Thank you so much for the wonderful compliment. Working hard! #MAGA It was great to have Governor @RicardoRossello of #PuertoRicowith us at the @WhiteHouse today. We are with you! #PRStrong Officials behind the now discredited "Dossier" plead the Fifth. Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately release who paid for it. This is a onceinageneration opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the American people! Join me today: As it has turned out, James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her! Bob Corker, who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal amp couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee, is now fighting Tax Cuts.... WORKING TOGETHER, we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic amp free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse. There will be NO change to your 401k. This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works, and it stays! Congrats to @Reince Priebus, a really good and talented man. Were proud of you Reince! BORDER WALL prototypes underway! ...Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him, and now is only negative on anything Trump. Look at his record! Isn't it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker, who couldn't get reelected in the Great State of Tennessee, will now fight Tax Cuts plus! Great news on the 2018 budget @SenateMajLdr McConnell  first step toward delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for the American people! #TaxReform Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today, first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes, but who knows? Jeff Flake, with an 18 approval rating in Arizona, said "a lot of my colleagues have spoken out." Really, they just gave me a standing O! Just out report: "United Kingdom crime rises 13 annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror." Not good, we must keep America safe! "46 of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump amp his Administration." @FoxNews   It is actually much worse than this! ....This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts and Reform, which will be the biggest in the history of our country! The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country! ...9 months than this Administration. Over 50 Legislation approvals, massive regulation cuts, energy freedom, pipelines, border security.... The Budget passed late last night, 51 to 49. We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul he will vote for Tax Cuts voting against..... Wow, FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating  Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many.. Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy #'s around, and fast. Strong on crime, he might even save our great statues/heritage! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! WOW! Big news  Budget just passed! "20,00021,00022,000 23,000this year...FOUR one thousand milestones this year..." #Dow23K #MAGA Join me LIVE from the Rose Garden at 1:30pmE with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece. Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action and I have proof. Sad! The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers amp harmful to jobcreators. Americans need #TaxReform! More: Effective today, my administration officially declared the #OpioidCrisis a NATIONAL PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY under federal law. This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about! #USA Great book just out, "A Place Called Heaven," by Dr. Robert Jeffress  A wonderful man! The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow. So interesting! Uranium deal to Russia, with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge, is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow! "Clinton campaign amp DNC paid for research that led to the antiTrump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President." @FoxNews .@NFL: Too much talk, not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem. Budget that just passed is a really big deal, especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history  MSM barely covered! Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California. God bless our brave First Responders and @FEMA team. We support you! I am supportive of Lamar as a person amp also of the process, but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care. Will be another Sean success! So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers. Only place worse may be @NBCNews, @CBSNews, @ABC and @CNN. Fiction writers! Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi amp Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip! The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases. Hopefully, all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U.S. history. Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party, a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action amp vote R! Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia. His opponent doesn't even show up to meetings/work, and will be VERY weak on crime! Keep hearing about "tiny" amount of money spent on Facebook ads. What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC amp CBS? Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem, showing total disrespect to our Flag amp Country.  No leadership in NFL! "Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal, while it brazenly violates the other limits.."Amb. @NikkiHaley Just interviewed by @LouDobbs. Will be aired tonight at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. #Dobbs Today, it was an honor to have @UNSecretaryGeneral @AntonioGuterres at the @WhiteHouse. Speaking for the U.S.A., we appreciate all you do! Thank you @GeraldoRivera @FoxandFriends. Agree! Good luck to @JoyVilla on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. She has many fans! I will be interviewed tonight on @FoxNews by @SeanHannity at 9pmE. Enjoy! .@NBCNews is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. The good news is that the PEOPLE get it, which is really all that matters! Not #1 Many people talking, with much agreement, on my Iran speech today. Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran! It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts A big salute to Jerry Jones, owner of the Dallas Cowboys, who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag."Stand for Anthem or sit for game!" #LasVegasStrong #USA...approvals of The Keystone XL amp Dakota Access pipelines. Also, look at the recent EPA cancelations amp our great new Supreme Court Justice! It is time to take care of OUR COUNTRY, to rebuild OUR COMMUNITIES, and to protect our GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform My great honor to host the 2017 backtoback #StanleyCup Champion Pittsburgh Penguins at the WH with @FLOTUS today!Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama, but now that I am involved, he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel, Chuck! Will be joining @GovMikeHuckabee tonight at 8pmE on @TBN. Enjoy! Highly respected author, Christopher Bedford, just came out with book, "The Art of the Donald, Lessons from America's...." Really good book! Clips from tax speech and @seanhannity on @foxandfriends now. Have a great day! The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred! Joining @SeanHannity tonight at 9pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party. Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down! The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access, INCREASE choices, and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE! ...fired. This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and, more importantly, for the USA! The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. That's all they are good at! Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits, under the guise of ObamaCare, is over. They have made a fortune.Dems must get smart amp deal! With Jemele Hill at the mike, it is no wonder ESPN ratings have "tanked," in fact, tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry! Hard to believe that the Democrats, who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable, are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was, "I hope so!" The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure borders,they don't care about safety for U.S.A. Network news has become so partisan, distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked. Not fair to public! Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare, I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people  FAST Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years, agreements made and massive amounts of money paid...... Today, I announced our strategy to confront the Iranian regimes hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon. Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years, giving billions of dollars amp getting nothing. Policy didn't work! Happy #NationalFarmersDay!#WeeklyAddress Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina. Big progress being made on many fronts! ..my endorsement. He also wanted to be Secretary of State, I said "NO THANKS." He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal! FEMA and first responders are working hard yet again on Hurricane Nate. Military helping. Very much under control! Sadly, they and others are Fake News, and the public is just beginning to figure it out! "Dow Passes 23,000 for the First Time, Fueled by Strong Earnings"#Dow23K"President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 9, 2017, as #ColumbusDay" Since Election Day on November 8, the Stock Market is up more than 25, unemployment is at a 17 year low amp companies are coming back to U.S. The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding. Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. Dems should call me to fix! Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina. Thank you for the beautiful welcome at GreenvilleSpartanburg Int'l Airport! Fake @NBCNews made up a story that I wanted a "tenfold" increase in our U.S. nuclear arsenal. Pure fiction, made up to demean. NBC  CNN! Thanks for your support! In America, we don't worship government  we worship God. #ValuesVotersSummit ...Hence, I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run! "Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004"Senator Bob Corker "begged" me to endorse him for reelection in Tennessee. I said "NO" and he dropped out said he could not win without... I have no greater privilege than to serve as your CommanderinChief. HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and women @USNavy!#242NavyBday With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country! People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting FakeNews @NBCNews is. Viewers beware. May be worse than even @CNN! In even the darkest moments, the light of our people has shown through their goodness, their courage and their love. #USA Such a wonderful statement from the great @LouDobbs. "We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history." Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th, a 25 increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and.. The Failing @nytimes set Liddle' Bob Corker up by recording his conversation. Was made to sound a fool, and that's what I am dealing with! Our great team at @FEMA is prepared for #HurricaneNate. Everyone in LA, MS, AL, and FL please listen to your local authorities amp be safe! ObamaCare is a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves! Join me LIVE at 5:45pmE from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! #TaxReform #USANobody could have done what Ive done for #PuertoRico with so little appreciation. So much work! I asked @VP Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled, disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and @SecondLady Karen. Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal, amp that's about it. We need HealthCare, we need Tax Cuts/Reform, we need people that can get the job done! Happy to announce we are awarding 1M to Las Vegas  in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sundays tragedy. "Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes, now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making." says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of..... Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman! The Fake News is at it again, this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know, General John Kelly, by saying he will soon be..... The Failing @nytimes, in a story by Peter Baker, should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP amp The Paris Accord amp the fast.... ...hasn't worked, agreements violated before the ink was dry, makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry, but only one thing will work! ...We cannot keep FEMA, the Military amp the First Responders, who have been amazing under the most difficult circumstances in P.R. forever! It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National AnthemRESPECT OUR COUNTRY The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases amp soft, crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history amp the WALL! We need a tax system that is FAIR to working FAMILIES amp that encourages companies to STAY in AMERICA, GROW in AMERICA, and HIRE in AMERICA! ...if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts and reform I am asking for, those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #MAGA ...accountability say the Governor. Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. Congress to decide how much to spend.... The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also, record business enthusiasm. The trip by @VP Pence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country! Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit! ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being dismantled but in the meantime, premiums amp deductibles are way up! Art Laffer just said that he doesn't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!  @FoxNews Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders. I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts. "The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations  fueled by Trump supporters....."   @nypost  Thank you! Health Insurance stocks, which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years, plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall! We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families amp that encourages companies to STAY in America, GROW in America, and HIRE in America Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem, Flag and Country? Change tax law! The wonderful people of Puerto Rico, with their unmatched spirit, know how bad things were before the H's. I will always be with them! It is a "miracle" how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing! Leaving Puerto Rico now for D.C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers. We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster. On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION, THANK YOU to all of the First Responders HEROES who saved countless lives in Las Vegas on Sunday night. To the people of Puerto Rico:Do not believe the #FakeNews!#PRStrong I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful Secretary of State, that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man... More and more people are suggesting that Republicans and me should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the onesided coverage? The Mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump. The @NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and @VP Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA! Wow, so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say, they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control! My thoughts are with all those observing Yom Kippur, the holiest day of the Jewish year. @ricardorossello ......#FakeNews critics are working overtime, but we're getting great marks from the people that truly matter! #PRStrong Thank you to FEMA, our great Military amp all First Responders who are working so hard,against terrible odds,in Puerto Rico. See you Tuesday! FEMA amp First Responders are doing a GREAT job in Puerto Rico. Massive food amp water delivered. Docks amp electric grid dead. Locals trying.... ..But the people were ProTrump! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 monthsand economy roaring Puerto Rico is devastated. Phone system, electric grid many roads, gone. FEMA and First Responders are amazing. Governor said "great job!" I will be in PR on Tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist amp support the people in their time of great need. ...want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job. It is time to take care of OUR people, to rebuild OUR NATION, and to fight for OUR GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform #USA Democrats don't want massive tax cuts  how does that win elections? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill. ...people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military. All buildings now inspected..... Congratulations to #TeamUSAon your great @PresidentsCup victory! Congresswoman Jennifer GonzalezColon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people. Thank you! WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS! ...Save your energy Rex, we'll do what has to be done! Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign. This is Fake News put out by @NBCNews. Low news and reporting standards. No verification from me. 19,000 RESPECTING our National Anthem! #StandForOurAnthem So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people, from police to doctors to the victims themselves, who I will never forget! ...contributions. The RNC is taking in far more 's than the Dems, and much of it by my wonderful small donors. I am working hard for them! Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very "unfunny" amp repetitive material, always antiTrump! Should we get Equal Time? Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by San Juan Mayor. Doing everything we can to help great people of PR! This is the right TAX CUT @ the RIGHT TIME. We will ALL succeed amp grow TOGETHER  as one team, one people, amp one American family. #TaxReform I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania. Will hopefully be able to stop at the U.S. Virgin Islands people working hard. Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the #USVI. He is very thankful for the great job done by @FEMA and First Responders. My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you! Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands who stated that #FEMA and Military are doing a GREAT job! Thank you Governor! Just arrived in Indianapolis, Indiana to make an announcement on #TaxReform! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Why Isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made upFAKE! Thank you @ShopFloorNAM. An honor to be with you today. Great news! Manufacturers report recordhigh economic optimism in 2017. #TaxReform Despite the Fake News Media in conjunction with the Dems, an amazing job is being done in Puerto Rico. Great people! In analyzing the Alabama Primary race,FAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement! My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor @RicardoRossello amp his team. Great progress being made! #PRStrong Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow, and always, for the playing of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country! The Governor of Puerto Rico, Ricardo Rossello, is a great guy and leader who is really working hard. Thank you Ricky! A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake, most showed great warmth and friendship. Being nice to Rocket Man hasn't worked in 25 years, why would it work now? Clinton failed, Bush failed, and Obama failed. I won't fail. I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects with @FLOTUS Melania. Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers. ...Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They.... I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken, big premiums. Who knows! Welcome back @SteveScalise!#TeamScalise NBC news is #FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN. They are a disgrace to good reporting. No wonder their news ratings are way down! Join me for my #WeeklyAddressStock Market hits an ALLTIME high! Unemployment lowest in 16 years! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades! This week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nations classrooms with the jobs of the future. Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: "The Administration and the President, every time we've spoken, they've delivered...... GDP was revised upward to 3.1 for last quarter. Many people thought it would be years before that happened. We have just begun! The military and first responders, despite no electric, roads, phones etc., have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed. ...The fact is that Puerto Rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. Big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding! Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to "get Trump." Not fair to FR or effort! Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS13 killer gangs amp sanctuary cities.  Vote Ed Gillespie! RECORD HIGH FOR S amp P 500! So proud of @FEMA, Military, and First Responders! Thank you! ...for safety. Thank you to the Governor of P.R. and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders. Fantastic job! The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R's. Shame! I am so proud of our great Country. God bless America! @IMPDnews @POTUS THANK YOU to the amazing Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department and all law enforcement officers, for all you do 24/7/365! #LESM The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on Island. Food and water on site. My Administration, Governor @RicardoRossello, and many others are working together to help the people of Puerto Rico in every way... Because of #FakeNews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. As seen here, they are ALL doing a GREAT JOB! Thank you! We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates,... ...really hard to help but many have lost their homes. Military is now on site and I will be there Tuesday. Wish press would treat fairly! Can't believe I finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost. It discusses the enthusiasm of "Trump" voters through campaign.... It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today. #UNGA#StandForOurAnthem Thank you to our wonderful team @USUN and their families. Keep up the GREAT work! #USA After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State Bill C also, Crooked Hillary now criticizes. Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Now a close runoff. He will be great in D.C. ...owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. Food, water and medical are top priorities  and doing well. #FEMA Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy! Rand Paul, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever future political campaigns be known as "the Republican who saved ObamaCare." Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U.S. with Hurricane flights. Fantastic job! Senator Doctor Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Healthcare, he doesn't liejust wants to help people! The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this! The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem! Alaska, Arizona, Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal. 7 years of Repeal amp Replace and some Senators not there. It was an honor to welcome President @MarianoraJoy of Spain. Thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate the brutal #NoKo regime. It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea.Stay tuned! #UNGA Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. GrahamCassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare! I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party! On behalf of all Americans, I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year. It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning. We had a GREAT bilateral meeting! Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand! We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday, after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule! ...NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S. Very proud of our incredible First Lady @FLOTUS. She is a truly great representative for our country! Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a "moment of courage." Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived. 116 increase! Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do. Better control amp  management. Great for Arizona. McCain let his best friend L.G. down! 70 years ago today, the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidentsthen amp now! Thanks NSC Staff! ...It's old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars.... I would not sign GrahamCassidy if it did not include coverage of preexisting conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal amp Replace. Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag  we MUST honor and respect it!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Making America Safe is my number one priority. We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet.Will be in Alabama tonight. Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement, but will be very close. He loves Alabama, and so do I! Texas amp Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure amp massive debt, is in deep trouble.. Thank you  @foxandfriends  great show! Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country.#StandForOurAnthem Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony. Great team! .@CNN is #FakeNews. Just reported COS John Kelly was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG, ANTHEM, COUNTRY. Total lie! John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill, which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal amp Replace. Let Arizona down! I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last month.  Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back amp ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Dec! Heading to Alabama now, big crowd! A big day for the U.S. at the United Nations! Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today! #USA It was a pleasure to have President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan with us this morning! #USAatUNGA #UNGA Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday which was a small percentage of total. These are fans who demand respect for our Flag! Arizona had a 116 increase in ObamaCare premiums last year, with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods. Sad America's hearts amp prayers are with the people of #PuertoRico amp the #USVI. We will get through this  and we will get through this TOGETHER! Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitating,therefore invitation is withdrawn! It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama. What great people, what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday. A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing amp Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changedcomplete turn from years of talk! Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA! The booing at the NFL football game last night, when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees, was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY! Kim Jong Un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before! I hope Republican Senators will vote for GrahamCassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal amp Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States! With one Yes vote in hospital amp very positive signs from Alaska and two others McCain is out, we have the HCare Vote, but not for Friday! The Russia hoax continues, now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary? Iran just testfired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have! Great interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994  2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea. The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther. He won't let you down! If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag amp Country, you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend! Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz, the Mayor of San Juan, for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there/on way Governor @RicardoRossello We are with you and the people of Puerto Rico. Stay safe! #PRStrong The world is noticing, thanks! If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL,or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect.... Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon. Great discussions on the challenges amp opportunities facing our nations today. Heading over to the @UN to meet with Ambassador @NikkiHaley and all of her great representatives! #USA Alaska had a 200 plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare, worst in the country. Deductibles high, people angry! Lisa M comes through. Big meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country! ...our Great American Flag or Country and should stand for the National Anthem. If not, YOU'RE FIRED. Find something else to do! Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer! The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media "screaming" for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next, she was a bad candidate! Honored to meet w/ Pres Abbas from the Palestinian Authority amp his delegation, who have been working hard w/everybody involved toward peace. Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica, one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time, showed RESPECT for our National Anthem!  Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings! Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts, when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected! So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They won't put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag  they said it loud and clear! Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting "Big" Luther Strange because he was so loyal amp helpful to me! #USAatUNGA#UNGA The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts amp reform. Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like "Big" Luther Strange. Smart, tough on crime, borders amp trade, loves Vets amp Military. Tuesday! Today, I announced a new Executive Order with re: to North Korea. We must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of #NoKo. Facebook was always antiTrump.The Networks were always antiTrump hence,Fake News, @nytimesapologized amp @WaPo were antiTrump. Collusion? But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team, they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being madewe all love our country! Thank you! #NeverForget HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the @USAirForce! The American people are eternally grateful. Thank you for keeping America PROUD, STRONG and FREE! Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful, our hearts are with you will be there to help! Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion, perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its way,if possible. Federal G is ready! A great deal of good things happening for our country. Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs, and I believe will be getting even better! Thehas great strength amp patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy #NoKo. I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night  the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the "DEPLORABLES." I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local amp state officials! It was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the United Nations.#USAatUNGA#UNGAThe true question for the @UN...Congratulations to Eric amp Lara on the birth of their son, Eric "Luke" Trump this morning! ...They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own  brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard, FEMA and many of the brave first responders amp others. Heed the advice of @FLGovScott!"If you're in an evacuation zone, you need to get to a shelter...there's not many hours left." Gov. Scott ...never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control  will rarely get 60 vs. 51 votes. It is a Repub Death Wish! With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go! Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me amp have zero access. #FAKE NEWS! Republicans, sorry, but I've been hearing about Repeal amp Replace for 7 years, didn't happen! Even worse, the Senate Filibuster Rule will.... China has a business tax rate of 15. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages! My great honor! I will be in Huntsville, Alabama, on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. "Big Luther" is a great guy who gets things done! Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever! Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA etc. A real disaster, much work to do! I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad! Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry! #USAatUNGA #UNGA We will confront ANY challenge, no matter how strong the winds or high the water. Im proud to stand with Presidents for #OneAmericaAppeal. The WALL, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built. God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you. NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country.Proclamation: Thank you! Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off amp use better! The "deplorables" came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but, in the end, had no game! The U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone! ...I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry, I will veto because I love our country amp its people. No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote. ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics and bad programming. People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth! It was a great honor to be with President @EmmanuelMacron of France this afternoon with his delegation. Great bilateral meeting! #UNGA A message to my fellow Americans#IrmaHurricane2017As President of the United States of America, I will ALWAYS put #AmericaFirst#UNGAFull remarks: This is a storm of enormous destructive power, and I ask everyone in the storms path to heed ALL instructions from government officials. CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration! Such an honor to have my good friend, Israel PM @Netanyahu, join us w/ his delegation in NYC this afternoon. #UNGA Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan  a curse on the U.S. amp its people... Happy 70th Birthday @CIA! Big day at the United Nations  many good things, and some tricky ones, happening. We have a great team. Big speech at 10:00 A.M. With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate, Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51. Can't get votes, END NOW! We commend SG @AntonioGuterres amp his call for the UN to focus more on people amp less on bureaucracy. #USAatUNGA #UNGA Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody and every thing but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction! Frank FX GiaccioOn behalf of @FLOTUS Melania amp myself, THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! @NatlParkService gives you an A! FLORIDAJust like TX, WE are w/you today, we are w/you tomorrow, amp we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to RESTORE, RECOVER, amp REBUILD! A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much or all of what I stated in my speech! May God Forever Bless the United States of America. #NeverForget911 Happy 70th Birthday @USAirForce! FLORIDA Visit to find shelters, road closures, amp evacuation routes. Helpful Twitter list: Important meetings and calls scheduled for today. Military and economy are getting stronger by the day, and our enemies know it. #MAGA So nice, thank you! Does anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? Really!..... Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site. Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister @Netanyahu shortly. Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people! Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey just like others. The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specificbut stupidly, that would not be politically correct! We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive amp nasty! Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive! It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the @WhiteHouse today! Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard! WEEKLY ADDRESS We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela, and we want it to happen very, very soon! The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater, at least in certain locations,than anyone thought  but amazing people working hard! The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut amp Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress! WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA!Emergency Information 180034235571800FLHELP1Our hearts amp prayers go out to the people of London, who suffered a vicious terrorist attack.... We will defend our people, our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont: Congress, get ready to do your job  DACA! At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help! Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform  so badly needed! On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania amp myself, THANK YOU for today's update amp GREAT WORK! #SouthernBaptist @SendRelief, @RedCross amp @SalvationArmyUS I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House. I will also be going to a wonderful state, Missouri, that I won by a lot in '16. Dem C.M. is opposed to big tax cuts. Republican will win S! Thank you for joining me in Mandan, ND Gov. @DougBurgum, Lt. Gov. @BrentSanfordND, @SenJohnHoeven, @RepKevinCramer amp @SenatorHeitkamp. Leaving now for Texas! I will be meeting General Kelly, General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you. Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day by Presidential Proclamation! Stock Market up 5 months in a row! After witnessing first hand the horror amp devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas! I look forward to working w/ D's  R's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st. I am allowing Japan amp South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States. Wonderful coordination between Federal, State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas  TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall. First responders have been doing heroic work. Their courage amp devotion has saved countless lives  they represent the very best of America! During my trip to Saudi Arabia, I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab amp Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies.. Thank you, our great honor! Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana, where things are going well. Such cooperation amp coordination! Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe! I encourage everyone in the path of #HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice amp orders of their local and state officials. Big week coming up! Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world  that will change. .@foxandfriends   We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Don't need many of them  reduce size of government. @IngrahamAngle Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic! Welcome to the @WhiteHouse, Amir Sabah alAhmed alJaber alSabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon: Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men amp women @ the Andeavor Refinery. Full remarks: North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States..... South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing! TEXAS: We are with you today, we are with you tomorrow, and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, and REBUILD! If we want to renew our PROSPERITY, restore OPPORTUNITY, amp reestablish our economic DOMINANCE, then we need tax reform that is progrowth.. You are doing a great job  the world is watching! Be safe. Texas amp Louisiana: We are w/ you today, we are w/ you tomorrow, amp we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, amp REBUILD! The Manufacturing Index rose to 59, the highest level since early 2011  and we can do much better! With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world, we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other. The U.S. has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer! Together, we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE! Just spoke w/ Governors Rick Scott of Florida, Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands amp Ricardo Rossell of Puerto Rico. WE ARE W/ YOU ALL! We are in the NAFTA worst trade deal ever made renegotiation process with Mexico amp Canada.Both being very difficult,may have to terminate? Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men amp women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow! Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground. Received a #HurricaneHarvey briefing this morning from Acting @DHSgov Secretary Elaine Duke, @FEMABrock, @TomBossert45 and COS John Kelly. HISTORIC rainfall in Houston, and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented, and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks! Just arrived at Camp David, where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey as it strengthens to a Class 3. 125 MPH winds! So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives. An honor to spend time w/ @NationalGuard, #LEOs amp the #CajunNavy! The United States is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea. I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety. I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe! ...get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST! ..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success. Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful, be safe! #FEMA Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA something the Obama Administration was unable to do. If they can't, I will revisit this issue! I have spoken w/ @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov Edwards. Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey developments amp here to assist as needed. Departing for Texas and Louisiana with @FLOTUS Melania right now @JBANAFW. We will see you soon. America is with you! Together, we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas. We love you!GOD BLESS TEXAS amp GOD BLESS THE USA Major rescue operations underway! We want our companies to hire amp grow in AMERICA, to raise wages for AMERICAN workers, amp to help rebuild our AMERICAN cities amp towns! #USA 'President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3, 2017, as a National Day of Prayer' #HurricaneHarvey #PrayForTexas Wow  Now experts are calling #Harvey a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going, and going well! Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE! 'President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations'We are building our future with American hands, American labor, American iron, aluminum and steel. Happy #LaborDay! .@ChuckGrassley  got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground, got there long before #Harvey. So far, so good! THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas. America is with you! #TexasStrong After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA! Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system! Going to a Cabinet Meeting teleconference at 11:00 A.M. on #Harvey. Even experts have said they've never seen one like this! Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City, State and Federal Govs. working great together! Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued. Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary! A great book by a great guy, highly recommended! For all of those DACA that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about  No action! General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed  and this Administration continues to.. THANK YOU to all of the great volunteers helping out with #HurricaneHarvey relief in Texas! We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #HurricaneHarvey makes landfall. America is w/ you! @GovAbbott @FEMA @DHSgov Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it! Looks like many antipolice agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Just returned to Bedminster, NJ from Camp David. GREAT meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military! #MAGA See you at 7:00 P.M. tonight Phoenix, Arizona! #MAGATickets: I requested that Mitch M amp Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill which just passed for easy approval. They... Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen! My thoughts and prayers are with the @KissimmeePolice and their loved ones. We are with you!#LESM We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the @USNavy aboard the  #USSJohnSMcCain, and their families. THANK YOU to all of the great men and women at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility in Yuma, Arizona amp around the United States! I have directed that U.S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on....cont: Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all! ...didn't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up as usual on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easynow a mess! Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert amp closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before! The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that, after hearing Repeal amp Replace for 7 years, he failed!That should NEVER have happened! Feels good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home! Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You..... Donald E. Ballard, on behalf of the people of the United States, THANK YOU for your courageous service. YOU INSPIRE US ALL! #ALConv2017 Today in Bedminster I signed the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017, joined by @DeptVetAffairs @SecShulkin. Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great! Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal, amp we will heal, amp be stronger than ever before! Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @BreitbartNews...maybe even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition! We will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts, courage in our souls amp everlasting pride in each amp every one of you. God Bless America. A great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement amp Modernization Act into law w/ @AmericanLegion @SecShulkin.I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one! Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia. Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great! Few, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, ISIS, SC! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake, who is WEAK on borders, crime and a nonfactor in Senate. He's toxic! Was with great people last night in Fort Myer, Virginia. The future of our country is strong! Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on @foxandfriends. The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry! Nick Adams, "Retaking America"  "Best things of this presidency aren't reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever." General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Don't believe the Fake News Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt  many jobs being lost! Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years! Phoenix crowd last night was amazing  a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak on crime amp border! A GREAT HONOR to spend time with our BRAVE HEROES at the @USMC Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United States of America! Senator Luther Strange, who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:15. Tough on crime, borders etc. The public is learning even more so how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, bigotry etc. Shame! Today, I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act #HR873. The bill authorizes....contJust landed in Bedminster, New Jersey. #MAGA As #HurricaneHarvey intensifies  remember to #PlanAhead. On Tuesday, I visited with the incredible men amp women of @ICEgov amp @DHSgov Border Patrol in Yuma, AZ. Thank you. We respect amp cherish you! ..enthusiastic, dynamic and fun and the American Legion  V.A. respectful and strong. Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones! ...can't change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson  who's next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish! Also... I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton  it was great! Thanks S Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made, including on Afghanistan. Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough! Thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer, and every member of the U.S. Military at home and abroad. #USA The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, there was Afghanistan somber, the big Rally..... Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neoNazis amp white supremacists...... Address to the NationFull Video amp Transcript:For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS! Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable! Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups, but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets! #DrainTheSwamp #PhoenixRally The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona, Spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough amp strong, we love you! James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me? Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race! Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council amp Strategy amp Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all! Join me at 7:00 P.M. on Tuesday, August 22nd in Phoenix, Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center! Tickets at: ...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember! ...the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced! Thoughts amp prayers are w/ our @USNavy sailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search amp rescue efforts are underway. @foxandfriends According to report just out, President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger Russia! If Senate Republicans don't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51 majority, few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate! If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule amp go to a simple majority, which the Dems would do, they are just wasting time! Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18. Tennessee not happy! Thank you, the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control! Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military which we are rapidly building to strongest ever. The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop! Great job by all law enforcement officers and Boston Mayor @MartyWalsh. Thank you Arizona. Beautiful turnout of 15,000 in Phoenix tonight! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at: Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall amp Crime! THANK YOU @MayorGimenez for following the RULE OF LAW! Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE! Full remarks: As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values, then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer! #ALConv2017 Congratulations John! Can you believe that Mitch McConnell, who has screamed Repeal amp Replace for 7 years, couldn't get it done. Must Repeal amp Replace ObamaCare! Thank you Nicole! West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond, GDP at 3, wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night. Great work being done by @FEMA @DHSgov w/state amp local leaders to prepare for hurricane season. Preparedness is an investment in our future! .@IvankaTrump will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall, supporting womens entrepreneurship globally.#GES2017 @narendramodi We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville, and will provide whatever assistance is needed. We are ready, willing and able. Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement! Toyota amp Mazda to build a new 1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing! Senator Mitch McConnell said I had "excessive expectations," but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal amp Replace, why not done? Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border amp Wall, the military, tax cuts amp law enforcement. Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade. Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in Charlottesville, Virginia. So sad! ....and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin. Excellent Jobs Numbers just released  and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA! Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA Prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting America WORKERS and FAMILIES first. #AmericaFirst Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely.  Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path! Mitch, get back to work and put Repeal amp Replace, Tax Reform amp Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it! "Under Trump, gains against #ISIS have dramatically accelerated"Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings. "Consumer Comfort Reaches 16Year High on U.S. Economic Optimism" via Bloomberg Working in Bedminster, N.J., as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation  meetings and calls! Am in Bedminster for meetings amp press conference on V.A. amp all that we have done, and are doing, to make it betterbut Charlottesville sad! The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 150 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea! We must remember this truth: No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST. ... Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation amp so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change! Deepest condolences to the families amp fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces. Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation "busting" to come. Working hard on tax cuts amp reform! Join me live from Bedminster, New Jersey: After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls! United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K. Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 150 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions. The Obstructionist Democrats have given us or not fixed some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast! "Trump approval rebounds to 45, surges among Hispanics, union homes, men" The Trump base is far bigger amp  stronger than ever before despite some phony Fake News polling. Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio....... On #PurpleHeartDayI thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA The United Nations Security Council just voted 150 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact! Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES amp WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger! After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington, it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security, the tougher the better! We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are.... After many years of failure,countries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough amp decisive! I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster, N.J. Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! .@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher amp higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back amp LOWER PRICES! We ALL must be united amp condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one! The failing @nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win apologized, is totally inept! Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and.... How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability and nonexistent sources, remain in business? Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist! No matter the mission, the brave men amp women of our @USCG proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU and HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #CG227 Press Conference  Following National Security Briefing in Bedminster, New Jersey. ...Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world! The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S.C., surging economy amp jobs,border amp military security,ISIS amp MS13 etc. Big day in Washington, D.C., even though White House amp Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people! I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there Emails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane. What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives.#Charlottesville ...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs..... ...conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion? As promised on the campaign trail, we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed amp thrive as the economy grows! #GodBlessTheUSA My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before.... ...and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administration "Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now." Thank you Stuart Varney @foxandfriends Jobs are starting to roar,watch! IN AMERICA WE DON'T WORSHIP GOVERNMENT  WE WORSHIP GOD!Small business owners are the DREAMERS amp INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future!Read more and watch here: Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time...... Thank you to @LOUDOBBS for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A. S.C.,reg cutting,Stock M, jobs,border etc.  TRUE! The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M, go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT'S TIME! Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party, allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE! Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE. Massive crowd expected  tune in! #MAGA Today, we gathered in the East Room to pay tribute to the HEROES whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in Alexandria, VA. ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal amp Replace! I have pen in hand. Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old Barron Trump! After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow...... As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians! Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere, using #VAVideoConnect  available at: It's very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President. I love the White House, one of the most beautiful buildings homes I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump  TOTALLY UNTRUE This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people! Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving @SteveScalise. #TeamScalise Departing for Long Island now. An area under siege from #MS13 gang members. We will not rest until #MS13 is eradicated. #LESM The American people have waited long enough. There has been enough talk and no action for seven years. Now is the time for action! So many stories about me in the @washingtonpost are Fake News. They are as bad as ratings challenged @CNN. Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes? I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business amp jobs will grow. ....victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you ...big dollars 700,000 for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp! Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate! ...they do NOTHING for us with North Korea, just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem! Go Republican Senators, Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years. Give America great healthcare! It was my great HONOR to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer  THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIVE AMERICAN HEROES! After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that "Democrats should blame ourselves,not Russia." If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE! Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation. It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today! Full Remarks: Wow, the Failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends "....the most powerful T.V. show in America." I campaigned on creating a meritbased immigration system that protects U.S. workers amp taxpayers. Watch: #RAISEAct 3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch! Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big amp exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP! Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S.C.: No WH chaos! We will always ENFORCE our laws, PROTECT our borders, and SUPPORT our police! #LESMHarrisburg, Pennsylvania #FlashbackFriday #MS13 I love reading about all of the "geniuses" who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is, most don't exist. #Fake News! MAGA The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad..... U.S. Stock Market up almost 20 since Election! Our relationship with Russia is at an alltime amp very dangerous  low. You can thank Congress, the same people that can't even give us HCare! Thank you West Virginia! All across the country, Americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes where are Emails amp DNC server amp Intel leakers! Problem is that the acting head of the FBI amp the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got 700,000 from H for wife! Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer  it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News! In other words, Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election  and why not, I want strong military amp low oil prices. Witch Hunt! Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got.... Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Repeal amp Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill! People of Ohio are fantastic. Thank you so much. What an evening! "One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information..... Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon beginning shortly. Join us live!Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an alltime high. That doesn't just happen! Come on Republican Senators, you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years, this is your chance to shine! Don't let the American people down! I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American.... If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate, they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority, not senseless 60... So why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes amp Russia relations? Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with @SecretaryPerry, @SecretaryZinke, and @SecPriceMD..... Sleazy Adam Schiff, the totally biased Congressman looking into "Russia," spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse! Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal amp Replace after years of talking amp campaigning on it. If ObamaCare is hurting people, amp it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies amp why should Congress not be paying what public pays? Stock Market could hit alltime high again 22,000 today. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions! "America's Labor Market Continues to Boom" JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! We will defend our country, protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST! Replay: See you tonight Huntington, West Virginia!#MakeAmericaGreatAgainTickets: Don't give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal amp Replace...and go to 51 votes nuke option, get Cross State Lines amp more. Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign  "quietly working to boost Clinton." So where is the investigation A.G. @seanhannity .@SenJohnMcCainThank you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote. Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans! Just arrived in Youngstown, Ohio with @FLOTUS Melania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgainThank you Foxconn, for investing 10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! MadeInTheUSA "Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero's welcome"#2017Jambo Remember your duty. Honor your history. Take care of the people God puts into your life  and LOVE amp CHERISH your country! Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon notax monopoly? I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him! ...about then candidate Trump." Catherine Herridge @FoxNews. So why doesn't Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting. If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon! If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare, the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand! ....8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass, like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart! ...Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51, some really good things need 60. So many great future bills amp budgets need 60 votes.... I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade, yet... ....Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming..... Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the #OCareNightmare! Remarks: Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there! Senator @lisamurkowski of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans, and our country, down yesterday. Too bad! After seven years of "talking" Repeal amp Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare! A great day at the White House! So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave  American hero! Thank you John. It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown, Ohio this evening. A grateful nation salutes you! It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion, even if should be positive, is bad! Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media 110 million people. Only way for me to get the truth out! Today, I  announced another historic breakthrough for the VA. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our GREAT VETERANS! #USA It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above amp beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES, our COUNTRY, amp OUR FREEDOM! The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night  broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon! Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good! #MAGA I am at the @USGA  #USWomensOpen. An amateur player is coleading for the first time in many decades  very exciting! Heading back to Washington, D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security! After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised! So impt Rep Senators, under leadership of @SenateMajLdr McConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of O'Care disaster, must happen! The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister! It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent #BastilleDay parade. Congratulations President @EmmanuelMacron! The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They  can't win so all they do is slow things down amp obstruct! Departing The Pentagon after meetings with @VP Pence, Secretary James Mattis, and our great teams. #MAGA .@WashTimes states "Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump." Great evening with President @EmmanuelMacron amp Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with France stronger than ever. To every PATRIOT who will serve on the #USSGeraldRFord:Keep the watchProtect herDefend herLOVE HERGood Luck amp Godspeed! A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post,this time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks, like Comey's, must stop! Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER. #WeeklyAddress Great conversations with President @EmmanuelMacron and his representatives on trade, military and security. Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017 @USGA #USWomensOpen I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America! Remember, when you hear the words "sources say" from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist. American steel amp American hands have constructed a 100,000 ton message to the world: American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NONE!#USSGeraldRFord #USA Billions of dollars in investments amp thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning, Merck amp Pfizer: Will be at the Women's U.S. Open today! My son, Donald, will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country! Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics! "After 14 years, U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture." My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open, transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad! The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,AlBaghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security The United States mourns for the victims of Nice, France. We pledge our solidarity with France against terror.  Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate amp honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI. ...What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia, including Podesta Company, Uranium deal, Russian Reset, big dollar speeches etc. "Six months in  it is the hope of GROWTHthat is making AmericaFOUR TRILLION DOLLARSRICHER." Stuart @VarneyCoJOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES! With all of its phony unnamed sources amp highly slanted amp even fraudulent reporting, #Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country! In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the Republican Primaries started, but didn't think I was running! While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate amp delete 33,000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media? So many people are asking why isn't the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33,000 emails deleted? When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees! My son Donald openly gave his emails to the media amp authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted amp acid washed her 33,000 emails! Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now amp work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in! Stock Market at new alltime high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers! The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to Repeal and Replace. Next, Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN! Thank you to all of the supporters, who far outnumbered the protesters, yesterday at the Women's U.S. Open. Very cool! Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in hand! As I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned! ICYMI This week we hosted a #MadeInAmerica event, right here at the @WhiteHouse! If it is MADE IN AMERICA, it is the BEST! USA Great bilateral meetings at lyse Palace w/ President @EmmanuelMacron. The friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable. Just landed from Paris, France. It was an incredible visit with President @EmmanuelMacron. A lot discussed and accomplished in two days! Today, it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to the @WhiteHouse. #HonorThemRemarks: The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform amp many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V. #MadeInAmericaSean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media  but his future is bright! I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go! Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the#USWomensOpen, their most important tournament, this afternoon. President @EmmanuelMacron,Thank you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today! The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control Senate. Crazy! James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal! I am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves, believe in your future, and believe, once more, in America. #AmericaFirst ISIS is on the run amp will soon be wiped out of Syria amp Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down 75 amp MS 13 gangs are being removed. A ship is only as good as the people who serve on it  and the AMERICAN SAILOR is the BEST in the world. @USNavy #USSGeraldRFord We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific amp worked really hard. We will return! Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family. Get well soon. President @EmmanuelMacron,Thank you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France. #BastilleDay #14juillet Honored to serve as CommanderinChief to the courageous men and women of our U.S. Armed Forces. A grateful nation thanks you! Stock Market hit another alltime high yesterday  despite the Russian hoax story! Also, jobs numbers are starting to look very good! Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful! Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is "sick." All G 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew! The women played great today at the @USGA #USWomensOpen I look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round! Manufacturers recordhigh optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via @ShopFloorNAM:Join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Gerald R. Ford!#USA The ABC/Washington Post Poll, even though almost 40 is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time! Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border amp save lives. Now the full House amp Senate must act! Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all! .@VP Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people. The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, amp it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies! Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the @USEmbassyFrance, members of the U.S. Military and their families. With only a very small majority, the Republicans in the House amp Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct, no votes! ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators! I will be at the @USGA #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected amp the women are playing greatshould be very exciting! The #USSJohnFinn will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe. Our sailors are the best anywhere in the world. Congratulations! Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign. Just got to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market  up over 17 since election! Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States L.A.. Stay tuned! Big wins against ISIS! This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, The Gerald R. Ford.  Norfolk, Va. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Just landed in Paris, France with @FLOTUS Melania. Leaving Hamburg for Washington, D.C. and the WH. Just left Chinas President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade amp North Korea. Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian amp Syrian problems are solved! #HappyIndependenceDay #USA I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders, including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss.#G20Summit #USA Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well amp want victory for U.S. Getting rdy to leave for tonight's Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w/ so many of my evangelical friends. See you soon! Will be speaking with Italy this morning! Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower. Thank you! Trumps Defining Speech WSJ Editorial: Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful! The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely with.... Statement on House Passage of Kates Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. My use of social media is not Presidential  its MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again! Good news, House just passed #KatesLaw. Hopefully Senate will follow. New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly. On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you Poland!#ICYMI, watch here #POTUSinPoland Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal! #ICYMI on Monday, I had the great honor of welcoming India's Prime Minister @narendramodi to the WH. Full Remarks: Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down! We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS. You have shed your blood, poured your love, and bared your soul, in defense of our country. I heard poorly rated @MorningJoe speaks badly of me don't watch anymore. Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came.. ....the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews, and did. We will continue to WIN! If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date! A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe, and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West, and to the world. Dow hit a new intraday alltime high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report? Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. Thank you! Our new American Energy Policy will unlock MILLIONS of jobs amp TRILLIONS in wealth. We are on the cusp of a true energy REVOLUTION. Watched low rated @MorningJoe for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke! Really great numbers on jobs amp the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Don't like steel amp aluminum dumping! Stock Market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years wages will start going up and our base has never been stronger! I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN! Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning. Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper! The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us? Join me LIVE with @VP, @SecretaryPerry, @SecretaryZinke and @EPAScottPruitt. #UnleashingAmericanEnergyWe will fight the #FakeNews with you! ....and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all! With ZERO Democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy, the Republican Senators are working hard! I am encouraged by President Moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers, businesses, amp automakers. My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech! The #AmazonWashingtonPost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes which they should is FAKE NEWS! Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill  actually goes up. Thank you @SenatorDole, very kind! Getting ready to leave for Poland, after which I will travel to Germany for the G20. Will be back on Saturday. The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can'tbut a ceasefire can,amp did! Tomorrow the House votes on #KatesLaw amp No Sanctuary For Criminals Act. Lawmakers must vote to put American safety first! #SaveAmericanLives Weekly Address #KatesLaw#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsActStatement: America is proud to stand shouldertoshoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism. #POTUSinPoland Word is that @Greta Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at @NBC amp @Comcast because she refused to go along w/ 'Trump hate!' I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right, unlike OCare! Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad! For years, even as a "civilian," I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance! America will THINK BIG once again. We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American space leadership! North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea..... THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH! So they caught Fake News CNN cold, but what about NBC, CBS amp ABC? What about the failing @nytimes amp @washingtonpost? They are all Fake News! "Mattis Says Trumps Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syria" ...to MaraLago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a facelift. I said no! Great first day with world leaders at the #G20Summit here in Hamburg, Germany. Looking forward to day two! #USA When it comes to the future of Americas energy needs, we will FIND IT, we will DREAM IT, and we will BUILD IT. #EnergyWeek ...We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia! #FraudNewsCNN #FNN It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago @Cubs  to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. Congratulations! Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.' Hopefully Senate will follow. Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good! From my first day in office, weve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Remarks: Today, the House votes on two crucial bills:#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct #KatesLaw Pass these bills amp lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with ISIS, the border amp so much else! The FAKE amp FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media  but remember, I won.... The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S.  Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on @FoxNews. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct #KatesLaw #SaveAmericanLives Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide? After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinz Abe of Japan amp President Moon of South Korea. Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year! #HappyIndependenceDay #July4 #USA The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE! #AmericaFirst America's men amp women in uniform is the story of FREEDOM overcoming OPPRESSION, the STRONG protecting the WEAK, amp GOOD defeating EVIL!USA I am extremely pleased to see that @CNN has finally been exposed as #FakeNews and garbage journalism. It's about time! Today, I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow. Watch and read more: Law enforcement amp military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. @PolizeiHamburg #G20Summit If we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so. I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA! Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the MiddleEast. Interesting things are happening! I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion..... The #G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you! ...and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA amp FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER, and were rejected, still don't.... ...have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 had to apologize. Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election? Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40 in the first quarter. So much for China working with us  but we had to give it a try! Putin amp I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking, amp many other negative things, will be guarded.. Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend @JustinTrudeau. #Canada150 Today, it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the #VAaccountability Act into law, delivering my campaign promise to our #AmericanHeroes! ....getting great border security and healthcare. #VoteRalphNorman tomorrow! With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I have no idea... The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. Video: Obama Administration official said they "choked" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary? "National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba"MemorandumGreat news! #MAGA Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer, 'bleached' emails, amp had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared amp they talk about obstruction? Democrat Jon Ossoff, who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security, doesn't even live in district. I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer! Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my nondealings are? Great night in Iowa  special people. Thank you! Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him. While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi amp China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried! As promised, our campaign against the MS13 gang continues. "@ICEgov Busts 39 MS13 Members in New York Operation"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Ralph Norman, who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District, will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes, and.... ...massive regulation cuts, 36 new legislative bills signed, great new S.C.Justice, and Infrastructure, Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works! Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day, great people! Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T! Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget! Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, amp dedication. Proud to be your CommanderinChief! From @FoxNews "Bombshell: In 2016, Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election."  Check out his statement  Witch Hunt! "Remarks by President Trump on the Policy of the U.S.A. Towards Cuba"Video: I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember, ObamaCare is dead. Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL! It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence.Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight! ...Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks long prior to election. It's all a big Dem HOAX! Camp David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do! ....because he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel. Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY? Things are looking great for Karen H! It was my great honor to welcome President @JCVarela amp Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon.They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice WEEKLY ADDRESS You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history  led by some very bad and conflicted people!  #MAGA After 7 months of investigations amp committee hearings about my "collusion with the Russians,"  nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad! The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare! The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia... KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes, great healthcare strong securitya hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAY .@FLOTUS amp I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic. A wonderful evening amp tradition. @MarineBand: ...whether there are "tapes" or recordings of my conversations with James Comey, but I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings. Thank you @FoxNews "Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election." Will be on @foxandfriends. Enjoy! We're all thinking of you @SteveScalise! #TeamScalise I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie! Wow, CNN had to retract big story on "Russia," with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS! Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare,Tax Cuts,Security. Obstruction doesn't work! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst ..under a magnifying glass, they have zero "tapes" of T people colluding. There is no collusion amp no obstruction. I should be given apology! Thank you Wisconsin! Tuesday was a great success for #WorkforceWeek at @WCTC w/ @IvankaTrump amp @GovWalker. Remarks: Thank you Kirkwood Community College. Heading to the U.S. Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Great day for America's future Security and Safety, courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people, amp WIN! Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement: I've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills, mostly with no Democratic support, and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice! Very grateful for the 9O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE! ...and did not want to "rock the boat." He didn't "choke," he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good. The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media  over 100 million people! I can go around them Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America, the economic amp jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up! The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50 Approval Rating.That's higher than O's #'s! Well, the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News, all the money spent  0 Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct, no ideas. Vote "R" The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win.. The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs, high business enthusiasm,.. ...Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI, and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election! My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 @USNavy sailors of the #USSFitzgerald and their families. Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums amp deductibles increase by over 100. Remember keep your doctor, keep your plan? The Dems want to stop tax cuts, good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100 increases in P's. Vote now for Karen H By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them? The passage of the @DeptVetAffairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I look forward to signing it! Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for their assistance. #CongressionalBaseballGame Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you! Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape  but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve! Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump amp Russia. Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent.... I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party  and please let Cryin' Chuck stay! Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! #MAGA Republican Senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash amp burn! .@foxandfriends  Dems are taking forever to approve my people, including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals. Great reporting by @foxandfriends and so many others. Thank you! ...extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism! The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad! ...way up. Regulations way down. 600,000 new jobs added. Unemployment down to 4.3. Business and economic enthusiasm way up record levels! Congratulations to the 2016 @ClemsonFB Tigers!Full ceremony: In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political! We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety! An honor to join the @FaithandFreedom Coalition yesterday. In America, we don't worship government. We worship God. #FaithandFreedom I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead  the Republicans will do much better! North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor, China, by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but China is trying hard! Great meeting with @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP leaders, including @SpeakerRyan, @SenateMajLdr, @GOPLeader, @JohnCornyn amp @SteveScalise. #USA So now it is reported that the Democrats, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, don't want him to testify. He blows away their.... Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook amp even Dems amp DNC. Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago. #DDay #Heroes Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there  WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS! Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We cant tolerate substandard care for our vets. Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. amp how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News. A great honor to host and welcome leaders from around America to the @WhiteHouse Infrastructure Summit. #InfrastructureWeek Well, as predicted, the 9th Circuit did it again  Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S.C. Join me live at the @WhiteHouse.My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field. #AmericaFirstAt least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is "no reason to be alarmed!" We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #PulseNightClub shooting. #OrlandoUnitedDay Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you, God bless your families amp God bless the USA! .@SecShulkin's decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades. Our HEROES deserve the best! Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard  must get it right! I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow. I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!' Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free, because of the brave. #MemorialDay Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare amp also Infrastructure! Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting. The big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration. The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well, actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all! Finally held our first full @Cabinet meeting today. With this great team, we can restore American prosperity and bring real change to D.C. #WeeklyAddress A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal! People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN! Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling amp Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 DoddFrank financial law. GROWTH! The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems would do it, no doubt! It is time to rebuild OUR country, to bring back OUR jobs, to restore OUR dreams, amp yes, to put #AmericaFirst! TY Ohio! #InfrastructureWeek Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WH Who can figure out the true meaning of "covfefe" ???  Enjoy! I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning. During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar  look! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories??? The #FakeNews MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day. #DOW up 16. #NASDAQ up 19.5. Drilling amp energy sector... 2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up, have no answer  resist! The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court  amp seek much tougher version! ...case against him amp now wants to clear his name by showing "the false or misleading testimony by James Comey, John Brennan..." Witch Hunt! Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his "no reason to be alarmed" statement. MSM is working hard to sell it! We traveled the world to strengthen longstanding alliances, and to form new partnerships. See more at: The Democrats have no message,  not on economics, not on taxes,  not on jobs, not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS! The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging amp demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story! That's right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people! I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Congratulations! 'First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania' Great numbers on the economy. All of our work, including the passage of many bills amp regulation killing Executive Orders, now kicking in! My daughter, Ivanka, will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning. Enjoy! Just arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord, Thursday at 3:00 P.M.  The White House Rose Garden.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out. British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainToday, I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future  finally!Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker! It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Nguyn Xun Phc to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. Ivanka on @foxandfriends now! Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems amp Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany, plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO amp military. Very bad for U.S. This will change ....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy! We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse Time to start building in our country, with American workers amp with American iron, aluminum amp steel. It is time to put #AmericaFirst Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck! Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new repeal amp replace HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved 's. So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding... America is going to build again. Under budget and ahead of schedule. Time to put #AmericaFirst! #InfrastructureWeekKathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick! The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C. #ICYMI: Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative WatchToday, @FLOTUS hosted a Military Mother's Day Event in the East Room of the WH. It was an honor to stop by, say hello, amp introduce Melania! China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into China once again. This is REAL news! "President Donald J. Trump Proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as #PoliceWeek"Proclamation#LESM This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history! #PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and#PoliceWeek Proclamation: Just left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything, especially on trade where.... Congratulations to @PGAJohnDaly on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up  and now a winner again! The Roger Stone report on @CNN is false  Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time  had nothing to do with my decision. General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration  but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that. When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia amp why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate? #WeeklyAddressMany NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in NATO will be much stronger. Biggest story today between Clapper amp Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews! Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security. Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization it is up to all who value life to confront amp defeat this evilRussia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election. Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels, Belgium this afternoon! Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister, Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Mike Pence. Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs. I look forward to reading the @CommerceGov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary. ...."we push for the removal of all tradedistorting practices....to foster a truly level playing field." #WeeklyAddressComey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me! It was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoan, to the @WhiteHouse today! As a very active President with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!.... #RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad As President I wanted to share with Russia at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining.... I was thrilled to be back @LibertyU. Congratulations to the Class of 2017! This is your day, and you've earned it.Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests  that's what I like to do! Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen amp women who have served, and continue to serve the United States our true HEROES! #ArmedForcesDay Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up  it was a lie and it is dead! Dems have been complaining for months amp months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites! ...Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy??? It was my great honor to deliver the #CGACommencement17 at the @USCGAcademy. CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017!Today, I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers' Memorial Service. #NationalPoliceWeekWatch: Wishing @FLOTUS Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! Happy #MothersDay Yesterday, on the same day I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine, Pavlo Klimkin.#LetsMakePeace! caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge amp jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts. Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi on behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you for the invitation to join you today!  Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. "Richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For.... Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEACE in our world. The RussiaTrump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end? The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad! When James Clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, when does it end? It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media. James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI. It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today, we honor and thank all teachers! #NationalTeachersDay years, as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam  except he was never there. When.... Great to be in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #POTUSAbroad Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list, of course, is terrorism. #G7Taormina Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S. Will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. Saturday night. Enjoy! Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel. I have been asking Director Comey amp others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community..... The reason I am staying in Bedminster, N. J., a beautiful community, is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings! Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media, and they don't mention names.... 'Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity'Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him! Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results! We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom. ...to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS amp terrorism. The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!#DrainTheSwamp On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening, President Sergio Mattarella. #G7Taormina 'U.S. Industrial Production Surged in April' 'Manufacturing openings, hires rise to highest levels of the recovery'Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East  which will mean JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians amp Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election. Just arrived in Taormina with @FLOTUS Melania. #G7Summit #USA Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit, Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi. I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week! Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today  she said nothing but old news! The Fake Media is working overtime today! Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently, "I do not have confidence in him James Comey any longer." Then acts so indignant.  #draintheswamp Today, I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School. Good luck @ the Team America Rocketry Challenge! #TARC Watch: Big win in Montana for Republicans! Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows there is "no evidence" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump. We finally agree on something Rosie. James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press! Speech transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit #POTUSAbroad All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace. Israel, Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican amp Pope, then #G7 and #NATO. Today's ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve.#NATOMeeting #NATO With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign amp Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed! 'Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure'A great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today!Joint Press ConfThank you for your support. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!#POTUSAbroad #USA The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members. FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony... Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a #NationalDayofPrayer, LIVE: Mainstream FAKE media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders amp great optimism! Susan Rice, the former National Security Advisor to President Obama, is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on..... Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election! Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday. HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our @FLOTUS, Melania! As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks  Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible! Presidential Memorandum for the @CommerceGov, @SecretaryRoss re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security: .@LouDobbs just stated that "President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history"  Thank you Lou! An honor to welcome PM of Australia, @TurnbullMalcolm to America amp join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the Battle of the Coral Sea. The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention  never been a time like this! Today, I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation: #ICYMI My statement last night at the @WorldJewishCong. JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Join me in congratulating @NASA's @AstroPeggy by using the hashtag #CongratsPeggy! Earlier today: Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc. The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO! President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen! WELCOME HOME, AYA!#GodBlessTheUSA Today, I signed an Executive Order @ the U.S. Dept. of @Interior: 'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act' .@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President @MauricioMacri and First Lady Juliana Awada to the @WhiteHouse today Big win in the House  very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have truly great healthcare! #ICYMI On Saturday I signed two EO's to help keep jobs amp wealth in our country.EO1: EO2: You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....New Today, I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO: I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter! Democrats used to support border security  now they want illegals to pour through our borders. ...allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good! Today on Earth Day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation. No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, amp it has been a lot including S.C., media will kill! China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the North Korean problem, they will ...healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums amp deductibles while at the same time taking care of preexisting conditions! ...the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned close to 80. They used to call this "judge shopping!" Messy system. I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day! The Democrats, without a leader, have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U.S. Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans! ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going  otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought. Death spiral!'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018, citing expected losses on INDV plans this year'#WeeklyAddress The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years 2016. GDP up only 1.6. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly. ....the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!#BuildTheWall ...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are gooddeal very possible! I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed.. It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal amp replace of ObamaCare. Make no mistake about it. This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans amp Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation. The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We.... Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money! The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth and many others! If What's more important? Rebuilding our military  or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats. Thank you Lake Worth, Florida. @foxandfriends Congratulations to the winners of the CommanderinChief's Trophy, the great Air Force Falcons! Watch: Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Wow,the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare! Proud of @IvankaTrump for her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20! The two fake news polls released yesterday, ABC amp NBC, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in General E. Watch! ...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign? Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great. I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics! 'Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America'Executive Order: After 5 SB victories since 2002, it was my honor to give Bob Kraft, Coach Belichick, and the players their first tour of the WH Residence. Congratulations to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike. We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly, and we have just started. We love our VETS! 'Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens' Executive Order: Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch! Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead! I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare. Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it! A great great honor to welcome amp recognize the National Teacher of the Year, as well as the Teacher of the Year from each State amp territory! A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! #ICYMI Joint Press Conference: I will be interviewed by @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare, and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad! ...popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll wrong big on election said almost all stand by their vote on me amp 53 said strong leader. New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in ..... I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan amp premiums will go down" ObamaCare lie." Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd, big energy! If victorious, Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote! Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" case is brought in ... Great jobs report today  It is all beginning to work! Today, I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the @DeptVetAffairs: It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted by @VP Pence and @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVosED at the @WhiteHouse today. Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall. Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's National Days of Remembrance. Full remarks: either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess! Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare  it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums amp deductibles  and be great healthcare! First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban amp now it hits again on sanctuary citiesboth ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court! Very interesting election currently taking place in France. North Korea disrespected the wishes of China amp its highly respected President when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. Bad! If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral! Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens! Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th. Great meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share amp focus on the threat of terrorism. Getting ready to meet President alSisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States, I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship. The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team, amp fast. We must fight them, amp Dems, in 2018! Thank you @USNavy! #USA Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice! Just learned that Jon @Ossoff, who is running for Congress in Georgia, doesn't even live in the district. Republicans, get out and vote! Today I signed the Veterans OUR HEROES Choice Program Extension amp Improvement Act @ the @WhiteHouse. #S544 Watch.@FoxNews from multiple sources: "There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented." @FBI It is an exciting time for our country!#WeeklyAddress #ConfirmGorsuch Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for America! #SCOTUS See you tomorrow Wisconsin!'Trump spurs smallbusiness optimism in Milwaukee area'JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxesvery bad on crime amp 2nd A. It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon! Wow, @FoxNews just reporting big news. Source: "Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked.... North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them!  U.S.A. I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt starting at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy! #BuyAmericanHireAmerican The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers. Great Strategic amp Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO's from around the United States. #AmericaFirst So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great... Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over! Weekly Address Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO I am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship amp to strengthening America's longstanding support for Jordan. @KingAbdullahII. A great honor to host the @SuperBowl Champion New England @Patriots at the White House today. Congratulations! It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark, Lars Lkke Rasmussen @larsloekke to the @WhiteHouse yesterday! Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck. Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy, I need his help on Healthcare amp Tax Cuts Reform. Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him! Failing @nytimes, which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H. Thank you @JCLayfield  will get even better as my Administration continues to put #AmericaFirst ...use subsidies to buy health plans." In other words, Ocare is dead. Good things will happen, however, either with Republicans or Dems. A great book for your reading enjoyment: "REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS" by Michael J. Knowles. The recent Kansas election Congress was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with GeorgiaBAD! #ConfirmGorsuch #SCOTUS Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea. Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG "R" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help! Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt excuse for big election loss, by media amp Dems, of historic proportion! The failing @nytimes finally gets it  "In places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to.. ...and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives. Jobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again! Today we honored our true American heroes on the firstever National Vietnam War Veterans Day.#ThankAVeteran I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 A.M. @FoxBusiness. Enjoy! One by one we are keeping our promises  on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening! We are going to defend our industry amp create a level playing field for the American worker. It is time to put #AmericaFirst amp #MAGA! It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous... 'Trump Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years' The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix fill in and top! The failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws? .@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women's Empowerment  Panel this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse. ...confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly. ...goodwill and friendship was formed, but only time will tell on trade. Great meeting with a wonderful woman today, former Secretary of State, Condoleezza Rice! #USA When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and @NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story? Thank you Sean McGarvey amp the entire Governing Board of Presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak. #NABTU2017 "The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!" So true. @foxandfriends Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. "Spied on before nomination." The real story. Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #MakeAmericaGreatAgainI explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem! If @RepMarkMeadows, @JimJordan and @RaulLabrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts amp reform. Melania and I are honored to light up the @WhiteHouse this evening, for #WorldAutismAwarenessDay. Join us amp #LIUB. Happy Easter to everyone! Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses amp there will be lasting peace! It was an honor to host our American heroes from the @WWP #SoldierRideDC at the @WhiteHouse today with @FLOTUS, @VP and @SecondLady. #USA #BuyAmericanHireAmericanWatchEconomic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirst TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast! The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes! The Fake Media not Real Media has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth! It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the @WhiteHouse as we renew the historic partnership between the U.S. and Egypt. Great to talk jobs with #NABTU2017. Tremendous spirit amp optimism  we will deliver! Great oped from @RepKenBuck. Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end #Obamacare. We're going to use American steel, we're going to use American labor, we are going to come first in all deals. Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States, and the world, so well in the Syria attack. It is the same Fake News Media that said there is "no path to victory for Trump" that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam! Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know? The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits... Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project @WWP Soldier Ride to the @WhiteHouse on Thursday! Where are @RepMarkMeadows, @JimJordan and @RaulLabrador?#RepealANDReplace #Obamacare Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America, Israel, and around the world. #ChagSameach ..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated." If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S. Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking! Anybody especially  Fake News media who thinks that Repeal amp Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party! I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so, the U.S., with its allies, will! U.S.A. .@WhiteHouse #CEOTownHallWith eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia on Tuesday for Congress, a runoff will be a win. Vote "R" for lower taxes amp safety! I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republicaneasily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again? Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily amp predicted victory! Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the socalled Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty! Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by @FoxNews or money from Russia to Clinton  sale of  Uranium? Thank you to @exxonmobil for your 20 billion investment that is creating more than 45,000 manufacturing amp construction jobs in the USA! Great meeting with the @RepublicanStudy Committee this morning at the @WhiteHouse! Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time! Thank you Andrew Jackson! #POTUS7 #USA It was an honor to welcome @GLFOP to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence amp Attorney General Sessions. THANK YOU for all you do 24/7/365! An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland, @EndaKennyTD to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence.  122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision! The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very prolife and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan! For eight years Russia "ran over" President Obama, got stronger and stronger, pickedoff Crimea and added missiles. Weak! @foxandfriends Watch @foxandfriends now on Podesta and Russia! Great optimism in America  and the results will be even better! On International Women's Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America amp around the world. I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy. A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY! #MadeInTheUSAWatch here: Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because Senate Dems are delaying! Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made  Republicans coming together! ...vast sums of money to NATO amp the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany! The failing @NYTimes would do much better if they were honest! "The President Changed. So Has Small Businesses' Confidence"The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win! My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth amp future mtgs! Met with @RepCummings today at the @WhiteHouse. Great discussion! Congratulations Eric amp Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you! ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry! There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right nowwe're bringing back the JOBS! A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends. If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media! Today, I was thrilled to announce a commitment of 25 BILLION amp 20K AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years. THANK YOU Charter Communications! The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds  not long. Do not worry, we are in very  good shape! Watch @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00 P.M. The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now! The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College amp lost! Great news. We are only just beginning. Together, we are going to #MAGA! Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes..... Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill amp Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech.... Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015 James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it! Joined the @HouseGOP Conference this morning at the U.S. Capitol. #PassTheBill #MAGAGeneral Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore. A budget that puts #AmericaFirst must make safety its no. 1 prioritywithout safety there can be no prosperity: What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look? Big day for healthcare. Working hard! ...money to Bill, the Hillary Russian "reset," praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA! We are taking action to #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare! Contact your Rep amp tell them you support #AHCA. #PassTheBill Happy L Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends! Don't worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2 amp 3 of healthcare rollout. @foxandfriends Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and getting major things done! Today on #NationalAgDay, we honor our great American farmers amp ranchers. Their hard work amp dedication are ingrained in our nation's fabric. 'U.S. Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade' Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well. Happy #MedalOfHonorDay to our heroes! It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @WhiteHouse today! Remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse! Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S.  JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy! I feel sure that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster! I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down! Thank you Nashville, Tennessee! Weekly Address  11:00 A.M. at the @WhiteHouse! #MAGADemocrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood amp Ocare! We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done! Thank you Louisville, Kentucky on my way! #MAGA After seven horrible years of ObamaCare skyrocketing premiums amp deductibles, bad healthcare, this is finally your chance for a great plan! Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, "went to his mailbox" and found my tax returns? @NBCNews  FAKE NEWS! North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been "playing" the United States for years. China has done little to help! CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut! 45,000 construction amp manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. 20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Today's EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening sessionMeeting w/ Washington, D.C. @MayorBowser and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here in D.C. Everyone be safe! Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Healthcare listening session w/ @VP amp @SecPriceMD. Watch: #ReadTheBill: Buy American amp hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil. Will be going to Detroit, Michigan love, today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State amp U.S. Already happening! ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day. In Nashville, Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you Louisville, Kentucky. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! Today, I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #KeystonePipeline. A great day for American jobs! Honored to meet this years @SenateYouth delegates w/ @VP Pence in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations! It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better! Honored to sign S.442 today. With this legislation, we support @NASA's scientists, engineers, and astronauts in their pursuit of discovery! Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture! #ICYMI: Weekly Address Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster  is imploding fast! Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun! Great optimism for future of U.S. business, AND JOBS, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax amp regulation cuts coming! Going to CPAC! 'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities' I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad or sick guy! #JointSession #MAGAVenezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez, a political prisoner amp husband of @liliantintori just met w/ @marcorubio out of prison immediately. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! General Keith Kellogg, who I have known for a long time, is very much in play for NSA  as are three others. My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants amp Sweden. Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism  even before tax plan rollout! Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there  totally out of control. Chicago needs help! Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View  "The NSA amp FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is" Very serious situation for USA The spotlight has finally been put on the lowlife leakers! They will be caught! The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very unAmerican! The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even...... Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes amp @washingtonpost by the intelligence community NSA and FBI?.Just like Russia Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW! The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly 306, so they made up a story  RUSSIA. Fake news! The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally "rigged." Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez! Nick Adams new book, Green Card Warrior, is a must read. The meritbased system is the way to go. Canada, Australia! @foxandfriends Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people! Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor. This Russian connection nonsense is merely an attempt to coverup the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign. Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning! The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC amp @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great! The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs...... Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism! Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy! Join me live at 9:00 P.M. #JointAddress ...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story... ...intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed..... Going to Charleston, South Carolina, in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it. Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia? FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing @nytimes has become a joke. Likewise @CNN. Sad! Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not.... Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all! Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad pathetic ratings, not by me. Sad end to great show Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it! Join me at 11:00am:Watch here: HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Congratulations to our new #VASecretary Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect our country! Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! #ICYMI watch here: Weekly Address from @WhiteHouse: We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite! Who was it that secretly said to Russian President, "Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility?" @foxandfriends Give the public a break  The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT! "One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen!" says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA  calls it differently! Dishonest Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the OrlandoMelbourne International Airport!Tickets: Don't believe the main stream fake news media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it. Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party! Since November 8th, Election Day, the Stock Market has posted 3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs! Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM @JustinTrudeau and a group of leading CEO's amp business women from Canadaand the United States Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor, General H.R. McMaster. Video: ...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total "witch hunt!" Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again! Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne, Florida. A lot to talk about! THANK YOU! The socalled angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad! Weekly AddressJoin me here: Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected! Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce. It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet. Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace amp save healthcare for ALL Americans. Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone. Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare. I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy! Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing @nytimes and others must apologize! FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and "sources," is far more effective than the discredited Democrats  but they are fading fast! Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest! Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible? We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando. Welcome to the United States, @IsraeliPM Benjamin amp Sara!#ICYMIJoint Press Conference: GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems, in Trump era per NBC/WSJ poll via @HotlineJosh:'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for JobCreating Investment Program''Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution 41'One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win! Welcome to the @WhiteHouse Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau! find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American people. Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' #RepealAndReplace Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks! Great parentteacher listening session this morning with @VP Pence amp @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVos. Watch: The FAKE NEWS media failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People! I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening! For first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad a bad one to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately amp fairly! Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast! The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by 12 billion vs a 200 billion increase in Obama first mo. The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc? 'SampP 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge' 'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule' Congratulations Stephen Miller on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job! I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election! I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful! Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision ...long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in  bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero.. I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies! Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them! 'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support TrumpStyle Travel Ban' Poll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries...MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing @nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity! Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBigEasy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented! I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult! Thank you, @Samsung! We would love to have you! ..Ryan died on a winning mission  according to General Mattis, not a "failure." Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again! I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision....... Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW! LAWFARE: "Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this the statute." A disgraceful decision! What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow! Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally  at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work a messjust like Dem party! Heading to Joint Base Andrews on #MarineOne with Prime Minister Shinz earlier today. SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE! Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,..... Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice! Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision? What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.? Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us! Iran is playing with fire  they don't appreciate how "kind" President Obama was to them. Not me! A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House MaraLago. Very good talks! The failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories amp sources! If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "dudes" out there! I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. W.H. 'Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media'Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his longterm lie about his brave "service" in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS! While on FAKE NEWS @CNN, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties! The opinion of this socalled judge, which essentially takes lawenforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned! Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star! Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so.... The failing @nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse! When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work! Interview with @oreillyfactor on Fox Network  4:00 P.M. prior to Super Bowl. Enjoy! #ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea. The failing @nytimes does major FAKE NEWS China story saying "Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14." We spoke at length yesterday! The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers amp others are being removed! Christians in the MiddleEast have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue! An honor having the National Sheriffs' Assoc. join me at the @WhiteHouse. Incredible men amp women who protect amp serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU!! If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics! An extended interview from the Super Bowl with @oreillyfactor airs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me bigtime but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president! ...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III. Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had major lie,now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him? Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States! 72 of refugees admitted into U.S. 2/3 2/11 during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA amp YEMEN Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago! Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment 7 BILLION in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirst Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting. After two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L Thank you to our great Police Chiefs amp Sheriffs for your leadership amp service. You have a true friend in the @WhiteHouse. We support you! Interesting that certain MiddleEastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death amp destruction! ...design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN! Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D! The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy! The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in Europe and the MiddleEast. Courts must act fast! Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard! The American dream is back. Were going to create an environment for small business like we havent had in many, many decades! Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world  a horrible mess! Join me live from the @WhiteHouse.I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy  yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no problem! It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats! '16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won' Congratulations to our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions! Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all. Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal! I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the..... Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people with bad intentions out of country! My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person  always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible! Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a lifeline in the form of the Iran Deal: 150 billion protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions!LIVE: I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy! A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S. There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world! Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at MaraLago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple! We must keep "evil" out of our country! Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man  thank you! Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting: When a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in amp out, especially for reasons of safety amp.security  big trouble! If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view  NO FEDERAL FUNDS? The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G. Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party the media when our jobs were fleeing our country? Just cannot  believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad! 'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far' Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain amp Lindsey Graham is wrong  they are sadly weak on immigration. The two... Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION!  8:00 P.M. Our legal system is broken! "77 of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries." WT  SO DANGEROUS! After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWS @nytimes is still lost! Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews at 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy! "Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with Presidentelect Donald Trump, the latest in a string..." @WSJ People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday! INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS "A COMPLETE FRAUD!"  @OANN Congratulations to @FoxNews for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS @CNN  public is smart! I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and.... Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w/ @VP, @SenateMajLdr, @SpeakerRyan. Thank you for your support! Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits amp little help on the very weak border must change, NOW! For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!! Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. #Inauguration Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to another  but we are transferring... Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN! Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible! mention crime infested rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk  no action or results. Sad! Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Office. Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House, MaraLago, three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday. #Inauguration .@VP Mike Pence will be speaking at today's #MarchForLife  You have our full support! the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings up 24 from 2016, I will send in the Feds! Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views. The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a onesided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers... Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly. much worse  just look at Syria red line, Crimea, Ukraine and the buildup of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News? The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS! Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun! about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, amp when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE." Media should also apologize It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearingin. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES  THE WORK BEGINS! .@FoxNews "Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts PresElect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand." Oh really, couldn't do... Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago! .@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television! Totally biased @NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed amp others that jobs are coming back... Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the @WhiteHouse this morning. Together, we will #MAGA! Interview with David Muir of @ABC News in 10 minutes. Enjoy! Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for.. Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We must do better! "@levisteveholt: @realDonaldTrump I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency." Very dishonest media! Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.! We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN amp HIRE AMERICAN!#InaugurationDay #MAGA The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number.. Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter! With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. even before taking office, with all of the new auto plants coming back into our..... will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN! "thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearingin....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president." Sound familiar! WP I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you! power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the American People. #InaugurationDay Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here! On my way! #Inauguration2017 At 9:00 P.M. @CNN, of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka. Considering it is CNN, can't imagine it will be great! Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C. #Heroes A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech! Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight a very special evening! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was! Will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends  Enjoy! of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting. ...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST .@TheAlabamaBand was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama! "@drgoodspine: @realDonaldTrump @Ivanka Trump is great, a woman with real character and class." country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing "big stuff." Congratulations Secretary Mattis! We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth  and we will bring back our dreams! TO ALL AMERICANSAs your President, I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people. So to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain...Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, "That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset angry... Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the @WhiteHouse today. Today, we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger, 31 years later. #NeverForget Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America. Beginning today, the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today @DHSgov: The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching  you have my full support! I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you! A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support. even, those registered to vote who are dead and many for a long time. Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures! What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people. It is time to remember that...January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again. Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family!#Inauguration2017 Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy! to the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me! No wonder the Today Show on biased @NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility! Great seeing @TheLeeGreenwood  and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner! #GodBlessTheUSA The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on, its going to be #AmericaFirst "@romoabcnews: .@DavidMuir first @POTUS interview since taking office.  Tonight on @ABCWorldNews @ABC2020 tonight. I will be interviewed by @DavidMuir tonight at 10 o'clock on @ABC. Will be my first interview from the White House. Enjoy! Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day: John Lewis said about my inauguration, "It will be the first one that I've missed." WRONG or lie! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he... Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall! A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas! MiamiDade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong! THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. TOGETHER, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before. "It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time!" Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham. Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart not to...... "How Trump WonAnd How The Media Missed It" Thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its..... Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested innercities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get! Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the "Movement" @CNN just released a book called "Unprecedented" which explores the 2016 race amp victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me! Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer! The "Unaffordable" Care Act will soon be history! James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts.Too bad! FAKE NEWS  A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT! Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got "swamped" or destroyed by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT. So much for.... The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange  wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people.... TO ALL AMERICANS#HappyNewYear amp many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful amp prosperous 2017 as we work together to #MAGA like the 116 hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web... things they did and said like giving the questions to the debate to H. A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass. It's finally happening  Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest 1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after... Thank you to all of the men and women who protect amp serve our communities 24/7/365! #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U.S. ally, is very special! Chicago murder rate is record setting  4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help! Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. @LBPerfectMaine "@DanScavino: Ford to scrap Mexico plant, invest in Michigan due to Trump policies"Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched! Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for INNOVATION amp JOB CREATION.Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA  NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING! Before I, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out to @NBCNews. So serious! I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it. "@FoxNews: Julian Assange on U.S. media coverage: Its very dishonest. #Hannity More dishonest than anyone knows Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have "hacking defense" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible...... "@FoxNews: "We certainly dont want intelligence interfering with politics and we dont want politics interfe General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealerstax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax! massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight  be careful! Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare now it's onto the House! People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work, and it is not affordable  116 increases Arizona. Bill Clinton called it "CRAZY" and knew they were in big trouble  which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning  much more to follow 'Small business optimism soars after Trump election' It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued.... Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the...... Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter amp star being a movie starand that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares, he supported Kasich amp Hillary The "Intelligence" briefing on socalled "Russian hacking" was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange! China has been taking out massive amounts of money amp wealth from the U.S. in totally onesided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice! North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen! "@KellyannePolls: Welcome to President and Mrs. Bush.  Very nice! "groveling" when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media! Meryl Streep, one of the most overrated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a..... Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake! Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax. Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed! Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW! "Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America" Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair! There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield. So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on? Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans  FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably... An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan. 'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable TrumpRussia Claims' #FakeNews Happy Birthday @EricTrump!What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never..... The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they.. ...time for Republicans amp Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works  much less expensive amp FAR BETTER! Kellyanne Conway went to @MeetThePress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible! The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall for sake of speed, will be paid back by Mexico later! both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD! I win an election easily, a great "movement" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state! Julian Assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta"  why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info! Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany? Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We..... 'U.S. SmallBusiness Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980'The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia...... How did NBC get "an exclusive look into the top secret report he Obama was presented?" Who gave them this report and why? Politics! The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said "The Affordable Care Act ObamaCare is no longer affordable!"  And, it is lousy healthcare. With all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and..... Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford amp Fiat C! Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine! .@CNN is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone! Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast amp Steven Newhouse, a friend. Will go this AM. Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never "mocked" a disabled reporter would never do that but simply showed him....... 'Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12Yr. High'Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases...... "@zhuamy3: @realDonaldTrump It's Morning in America again!!!  Thank you PresidentElect Donald Trump!!! So proud of you!!!!" THANKS! ...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning."Keep you doctor, keep your plan!" It is.... have been allowed to run  guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states  no enthusiasm! Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense! to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against "Intelligence" when in fact I am a big fan! ........may be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #DTS I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 306. When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I. have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and.... We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe! released by "Intelligence" even knowing there is no proof, and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days! I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you.